KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County August 19, 2025 6:00 PM Regular Business Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Moment of Silence Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. Attachments 8 19 25 Meeting Notice Board Q&A II.
                                The Pledge of Allegiance II.A.
                                Vision Statement Rationale All Jefferson County Public School students graduate prepared, empowered, and inspired to reach their full potential and contribute as thoughtful, responsible citizens of our diverse, shared world. III.
                                Recognitions and Resolutions Actions Taken Order #2025-140 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the recognitions. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. III.A.
                                Recognition of New Principals and Principals with New Assignments Rationale Principal leadership is essential to the educational success of Jefferson County Public School (JCPS) District students. The District assists the school’s School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council members, who statutorily hold the authority to select the principal. The following individuals have successfully completed all requirements and have been selected to serve in the important role of principal: Mark Mina – Dr. J Blaine Hudson Middle Jasmine Thornton – Westport Early Childhood Center Lakeesha Burton – Kenwood Elementary Torri Martin – Wilder Elementary Kim Coleman – Byck Elementary Uriah Tolbert – Indian Trail Elementary Adrianne Tytus – Fern Creek Elementary Samantha Miller – Lincoln Elementary Heather Hoerter  - Marion C. Moore School Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize new and current principals who have accepted new school assignments. III.B.
                                Recognition of JCPS Athletic Directors of the Year Rationale Four JCPS athletic directors have been recognized for their outstanding leadership and support of student-athletes and athletic programs at their schools. Congratulations to: Kentucky Athletic Administrators Association (KAAA) Athletic Directors of the Year Joe Scheper, Eastern High School Larry Just, Butler Traditional High School JCPS Athletic Directors of the Year Nick Waddell, Pleasure Ridge Park High School Ray Lockwood, Westport Middle School Their commitment to sportsmanship, student success, and school spirit is truly inspiring. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize four JCPS athletic directors for being named Athletic Directors of the Year. III.C.
                                Recognition of the JCPS Finance Division for Winning the Certificate of Achievement for Excellence in Financial Reporting from the Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools’ (JCPS) commitment to financial transparency has earned the district a national award for the 18th year in a row. The Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada (GFOA) awarded the Certificate of Achievement for Excellence in Financial Reporting to the Jefferson County Board of Education for its annual comprehensive financial report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 . JCPS has a long history of financial transparency, having won this same award every year since 2007. The Certificate of Achievement is the highest form of recognition in the area of governmental accounting and financial reporting, and its attainment represents a significant accomplishment by a government and its management, according to the GFOA. The award represents extensive work by the Finance Division—particularly Executive Administrator Cecil Comstock and Supervisor Shani Hillard—as well as contributions from numerous other JCPS departments. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the JCPS Finance Division for winning the Certificate of Achievement for Excellence in Financial Reporting from the Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada. III.D.
                                Recognition of duPont Manual High School and J. Graham Brown School for Being Named Spotlight Schools Rationale J. Graham Brown School and duPont Manual High School were recently named Spotlight Schools by the Kentucky Department of Education (KDE)—an honor given to only 11 schools across the state. This prestigious recognition highlights schools that exemplify exceptional academic performance, innovative practices, and a strong commitment to student success. As KDE Spotlight Schools, Brown and Manual will serve as models of excellence by sharing their effective strategies and best practices with schools throughout Kentucky. Their leadership, dedication to continuous improvement, and inclusive approaches to teaching and learning are setting a high standard not just for JCPS, but for the entire Commonwealth. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize duPont Manual High School and J. Graham Brown School for being named Spotlight Schools by the Kentucky Department of Education. III.E.
                                Recognition of Southern High School for its Solidarity Project that Supported more than 180 JCPS Families this Summer Rationale Southern High School students and staff stepped up in a major way to support almost 2,000 people this summer through the Southern High School Solidarity Project. Throughout the summer, Southern students—alongside staff leader Mário Gouvêa Ransan and other dedicated volunteers—gathered weekly to sort supplies and assemble care packages for families in need, and deliver those packages out in the community. Their efforts helped more than 180 families—the majority of them JCPS families—providing essential items and a meaningful show of care from the school community. The Solidarity Project was successful thanks to a widespread group of volunteers who contributed to the initiative with their time, donations, help with logistics, and encouragement. Volunteers included cafeteria staff, administrators from multiple JCPS locations, teachers, clerical staff and secretaries, custodians, Central Office-based staff, and JCTA representatives. The Solidarity Project is also partnered with eight non-profit organizations and more than 10 different coalitions of people that want to help and are ready to support our families. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Southern High School for its impactful Solidarity Project. III.F.
                                Recognition of 11 Students Who Won National Merit Scholarships Rationale Eleven exceptional students from three of our high schools have earned one of the most prestigious academic honors in the country—the National Merit Scholarship. These scholarships are awarded based on outstanding performance on the PSAT/NMSQT, along with academic achievements, leadership, and potential for future success. Congratulations to: Ballard High School Taylor Lynn Thompson duPont Manual High School Nathaniel C. Ice Mia Nguyen Ashley Billiter Preston J. Harmon Neil Patil Joseph Peoples Melis Ozyurekoglu Kalp Poladia Lucy Vanderhoff Eastern High School Miro Nauha These students represent the academic excellence and dedication that define JCPS. We are incredibly proud of their accomplishments and excited to see all that they will achieve in the future. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize 11 students who won National Merit Scholarships. IV.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 8 19 25 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2025-141 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the August 19, 2025, agenda. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 7 29 25 Minutes 8 6 25 Minutes _ KY Supreme Court Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2025-142 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of July 29, 2025, and August 6, 2025. The recommendation passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VI.
                                Superintendent's Report Attachments Superintendent Report 81925 VII.
                                Student Outcomes-Focused Governance Update VII.A.
                                Recommendation to Receive Goal Monitoring Report on Goals 1 - 3: Elementary, Middle and High School Academic Readiness Rationale The Board will receive a report on Goals 1 - 3: Elementary, Middle, and High School Academic Readiness. The presentation will provide a theory of action, research, trend data, status, interpretation, effective strategies, growth opportunities, and next steps. Goal monitoring is a conversation between the board and superintendent that provides boards the opportunity to evaluate the alignment between the community’s vision for student outcomes (goals) and current student performance/growth (reality). Monitoring is about understanding the extent to which reality matches the Board’s adopted goals / interim goals. Monitoring is not about offering advice or recommendations; most monitoring is about understanding where we are and how we got here and to see what’s working/not working, and the expectation that this information impacts what happens next. Attachments G&G Goals 1,2,3 Presentation 8.7.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Goals 1 - 3: Elementary, Middle, and High School Academic Readiness. Actions Taken Order #2025-143 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Goals 1 - 3: Elementary, Middle, and High School Academic Readiness. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. VIII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . IX.
                                Action Items IX.A.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Tax Rates for Fiscal Year 2025-26 Rationale In compliance with KRS 160.470 and the regulations of the State Board of Education, the Jefferson County Board of Education is required to approve tax rates for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 2025, through June 30, 2026. The estimated gross revenue generated by the 71.7 cents real property rate and the 73.5 cents personal property rate is $799,363,640. Of this amount, $58,478,878 will be allocated to the Building Fund for capital projects and debt payment on bond issues. The balance, $740,884,762, will be allocated to the General Fund to pay for educational services and operations. The General Fund tax rate levied in fiscal year 2024-25 was 73.5 cents on real property and 73.5 cents on personal property. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments APPROVAL OF TAX RATES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2025-26.pdf Tax Rates PPT 2025-2026.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the General Fund Tax Rate of 71.7 cents per $100 assessed value on real property and 73.5 cents per $100 assessed value on personal property for Fiscal Year 2025-26. Actions Taken Order #2025-144 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the General Fund Tax Rate of 71.7 cents per $100 assessed value on real property and 73.5 cents per $100 assessed value on personal property for Fiscal Year 2025-26. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. X.
                                Information Items XI.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2025-145 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Consent Calendar minus the following items: XI.C.1. Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Administration; XI.K. Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More; and XI.N. Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Period Ended June 30, 2025, passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. James Craig. Order #2025-146 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve consent item XI.C.1. Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Administration, passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. Order #2025-147 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve consent item XI.K. Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More, and item XI.N. Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Period Ended June 30, 2025, passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mr. James Craig. XI.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2025 08 19 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. XI.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2025-08-19 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. XI.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions Rationale XI.C.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Administration Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ADMINISTRATION Org Charts Final  2025-08-19 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XI.D.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on August 19, 2025. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments Approved by the Superintendent 08-19-25 Field Trips 08-19-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. XI.E.
                                Recommendation of Approval of the Projects, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 forms Rationale XI.E.1.
                                Recommendation of Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 form for Partial Window Replacement at 3901 Atkinson Square Drive Rationale This project will consist of replacing existing windows with new thermally insulated windows. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 3901 Atkinson Square Drive - Partial Window Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Tony Kleyer, Architect and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Window Replacement at 3901 Atkinson Square Drive, for an estimated project cost of $406,063. XI.E.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Lift Station Replacement at Marion C. Moore School Rationale This project will consist of the replacement of the existing sanitary sewer lift station. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Marion C. Moore School - Lift Station Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Lift Station Replacement at Marion C. Moore School, for an estimated project cost of $350,000. XI.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Highland Middle School Rationale On July 25, 2023, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 24-011. On March 5, 2024, the Board approved awarding a contract to Geoghegan Roofing as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Highland MS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Geoghegan Roofing for Partial Roof Replacement at Highland Middle School for a total construction cost of $664,370. XI.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 8-19-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. XI.H.
                                Notification of Various Utility Easements Rationale The Louisville and Jefferson County Metropolitan Sewer District (MSD) Sanitary Sewer and Drainage Easements for Doss High School and New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson MS) allows for the purpose of constructing, operating, maintaining, repairing, and reconstructing sanitary sewers, drains, and related equipment, structures or materials. The granting of the above easements will not affect the integrity or usefulness of the property crucial to the educational needs of the District. These items directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments Notification of Easements - Doss HS - MSD Notification of Easements - New MS West Louisville - MSD Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive notice of Sanitary Sewer and Drainage Easements for Doss High School and New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson Middle School). XI.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Request from CMTA, Inc. to Apply for Commercial Buildings Tax Deduction under Section 1331 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 Rationale The Energy Efficient Commercial Buildings Tax Deduction is a special financial incentive created by the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and designed to reduce the initial cost of investing in energy-efficient lighting and other building systems via an accelerated tax deduction. If the building is a publicly owned building, the person who created the technical specifications for installation of the energy-efficient property can claim the CBTD, according to IRS Notice 2008-40. The tax credit expired on December 31, 2017, but was re-instated in December 2019, and then made permanent for projects placed in service after December 2020. The projects directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education approve a request from CMTA, Inc. that would allow them to apply for the Commercial Buildings Tax Deduction under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 for the New Elementary School – West Broadway Corridor at Dr. William H. Perry Elementary School. XI.J.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiation, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. There are no tie bids. Submitted by:  Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Competitive Negotiation, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments_08 19 25 Amendment on  Electrical Supplies & Lighting (Line Item) Amendment on Controls for Heating & AC Amendment on Plumbing Supplies & Equipment (Line Item) Amendment on SCNS Dairy Products & Other Beverages Amendment on Water Coolers, Fountains & Parts C/N for Banking Services Classroom Food Delivery System (SCNS) Full Service Soft Drink_Beverage Vending & Product Only Off Duty Officer Security Pumps (Various) T-Shirts (JCPS All-County) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiation, bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendments. XI.K.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 08.19.25 01 - Center for Applied Linguistics (FY25-26) 02 - Roots 101 Africian American Museum (FY25-26) 03 - Peer Power Foundation (FY25-26) 04 - Create, LLC.  (FY25-26) 05 - Stacey Clements (FY25-26) 06 - The Leadership Academy, Inc. (FY25-26) 07 - Sara Young (FY25-26) 08 - Millennium Learning Concepts LLC - Implicit Bias (FY25-26) 09 - visionSpeak Consulting, LLC. (FY25-26) 10 - Alpha Lambda Center (FY25-26) 11 - JEB Enrichment Center (FY25-26) 12 - CharacterStrong, LLC. (FY25-26) 13 - 7PM Group, LLC. (FY25-26) 14 - Andre Carr dba Tiger Strike Martial Arts Academy - (FY25-26) 15 - Black Male EDquity Network, LLC. (FY25-26) 16 - New Leaders, Inc. (FY25-26) 17 - Good Shepherd Healthcare Solutions, dba Brightstar Care (FY25-26) 18 - Exploited Children Helps Organization (FY25-26) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. XI.L.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer XI.L.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 07.07.25 - 07.27.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of July 7, 2025, through July 27, 2025. XI.L.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 07.07.25 - 07.27.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 07.07.25 - 07.27.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of July 7, 2025, through July 27, 2025. XI.L.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 07.07.25 - 07.27.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of July 7, 2025, through July 27, 2025. XI.N.
                                Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Period Ended June 30, 2025 Rationale This report is provided to the Board per KRS 160.560 and Board Policy 04.31 Fiscal Accounting and Reporting . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Board Financials_06.25 Notes of Interest June 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Monthly Financial Report for periods ended June 30, 2025. XI.O.
                                Acceptance of Quarterly Report of Investment Performance Rationale This report is provided to the Board per JCPS Policy 04.36 Investments . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments 24-25 Quarterly Interest Report 4th Qtr Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Quarterly Report of Investment Performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. XI.P.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Updated Indirect Cost Rates for Fiscal Year 2025-26 Rationale Indirect costs are expenditures in support of programs that are not directly identifiable to that program. The Kentucky Department of Education calculates the allowable percentage that may be applied to grants so the district may be reimbursed for a portion of the support expenses incurred.  The FY2026 indirect cost rates for all districts were approved at the June Kentucky Board of Education (KBE) meeting.  The updated rates now reflect a three-year rolling average for both the non-restricted rate and restricted rate. For fiscal year 2025-26, the updated non-restricted indirect cost rate is 17.36 percent; the recommended rate to be applied to food service is to maintain the current rate of 13.19 percent. The updated restricted indirect cost rate of 4.41 percent is for use with grants. Each local Board of Education is encouraged to approve the rates prior to October 1, which is the beginning of the federal fiscal year. If the rate is not approved by October 1, the district cannot apply the rate at a later time during the fiscal year. If the Board adopts the rates, they are not obligated to apply the indirect cost rates. During fiscal year 2024-25, the non-restricted indirect cost rate was 17.23 percent and the restricted indirect cost rate was 4.14 percent. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve Updated Indirect Cost Rates for Fiscal Year 2025-26. XI.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval of 2025-26 Local Education Agency General and Program Assurances Rationale Annually, the local board of education must approve general and program assurances regarding district operations. Information related to these assurances is available for review in the attached document and at the District’s central office by contacting the Division of Accountability, Research and Systems Improvement. Once approved, the District will send a declaration of compliance to the Kentucky Department of Education in order to receive the funding within state and federal guidelines for fiscal year 2025-26. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments JCPS District Funding Assurances FY26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached 2025-26 KDE Funding Assurances for General, State, and Federal programs. XI.R.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding XI.R.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale This is a report of donations and small grants submitted to the Board of Education on August 19, 2025. Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Donations and Small Grants Report August 19 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $38,182.73 to be used as stated in the attachment. XI.R.2.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation Rationale The Noltemeyer Extra Lemons Foundation donated $25,000 to Waggener High School to be used for any needs necessary. Shepherd Insurance donated $300 in school supplies to Martin Luther King Elementary School. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $25,300 from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation to be used as stated in the rationale. XI.S.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements XI.S.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Water Main Extension Refunding Agreement for New School Building at Okolona Elementary School Rationale The Louisville Water Company (LWC) Water Main Extension Refunding Agreement allows Jefferson County Public Schools to construct and install new water main facilities to extend water distribution for the New School Building at Okolona Elementary School and provides that LWC incorporate these facilities into the water service distribution system once the project is complete. These items directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Water Main Extension Refunding Agreement - Okolona ES - LWC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve a water main extension refunding agreement for the New School Building at Okolona Elementary School and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.S.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Bellarmine University for Career-Ready BSN Dual Enrollment
Program Rationale Dual Credit personnel from BSN Dual Enrollment Program have worked with the principals, administrators, and teachers at JCPS High Schools to identify teachers with the necessary credentials to offer dual credit for students scheduled in those courses. Participating high schools will provide written notification of the courses they plan to offer prior to each semester and/or academic year. This agreement complies with the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarship Programs and includes negotiated points outlined in the Postsecondary Partner Institution (PPI) agreement with the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA), which manages the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarships with a goal of progressing toward a BA of Science in Nursing. Submitted By: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOU - Bellarmine Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Bellarmine University and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.S.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Commonwealth of Kentucky, Education and Labor Cabinet, Office of Educational Programs, Everybody Counts Rationale The partnership with the Commonwealth of Kentucky Education Labor Cabinet Office of Education Programs will establish an agreement for participation in the Everybody Counts program. JCPS high school seniors will receive assistance with Everybody Counts partners to receive employment opportunities and tuition assistance to support a path to career success after graduation. The Data Privacy and Security conditions outlined in this agreement allow both agencies to mutually meet the training, educations, and employment needs of Everybody Counts participants. Submitted By: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOU - EVERYBODY COUNTS Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Education and Labor Cabinet, Office of Educational Programs, Everybody Counts and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.S.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Fund for the Arts Rationale Fund for the Arts and JCPS will work together to implement the 5x5 Arts Initiative, a program which works to provide five live arts experiences to JCPS elementary school students before they complete their fifth grade. The 5x5 program is part of a broader Fund for the Arts in Learning Initiative. This program directly aligns with Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1.3 Provide Equitable Access: Develop and improve systems and practices to recognize student strengths and to provide equitable access to engaging learning opportunities, supports, and resources. JCPS agrees to match payments made by Fund for the Arts for JCPS elementary schools to participate in the 5X5 Program, up to the amount of, and not to exceed, $100,000 per fiscal year. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA- FUND FOR THE ARTS Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Fund for the Arts and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.S.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Lease Agreement with Norton Healthcare Sports and Learning Center Rationale The annual JCPS Showcase of Schools will be held on Saturday, October 25, 2025, at the Norton Healthcare Sports & Learning Center. The event will feature representatives from all 160+ JCPS schools, providing families with information about the District's various school choices, including magnet schools and career programs. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Attachment Attachments Agreement-Louisville Urban League-Norton Health Care &n Sports Center Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Lease Agreement with Louisville Urban League Sports and Learning Complex,Inc. DBA Norton Healthcare Sports & Learning Center and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.S.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Sharing Agreement with Ohio Valley Education Cooperative Rationale The Data Sharing Agreement (DSA) with Ohio Valley Educational Cooperative (OVEC) supports Head Start and state preschool programs. This agreement details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement and will terminate when the services contract terminates. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. Submitted by Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments DSA - OHIO VALLEY EDUCATIONAL COOPERATIVE (OVEC) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Sharing Agreement with Ohio Valley Education Cooperative and athorize the superintendent sign same. XI.S.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with National Black Nurse Association Rationale The attached Memorandum of Agreement with National Black Nurses Association (NBNA) for the Mini Nurse Academy is designed to address the urgent need for more nurses from minority backgrounds. By introducing students to the nursing profession and teaching them about healthy lifestyles at an early age, the Mini Nurse Academy aims to inspire a new generation of diverse healthcare workers. The core purpose of this academy is building a career pathway in nursing for students. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA-National Black Nurses Association Inc Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the National Black Nurses Association (NBNA) Mini Nurse Academy and authorize the superintendent sign same. XI.S.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the Kentucky Department of Education for the Wallace Grant Rationale JCPS has been awarded grant funding from the Wallace Foundation to develop a comprehensive, aligned principal pipeline to benefit student achievement and produce equity-centered leaders who can help bring the District’s vision of equity to fruition. The initiative seeks to benefit both participating districts and yield broadly applicable approaches that other districts can adapt to their own contexts. The Wallace Foundation requires university partners to be part of this initiative. JCPS and the Kentucky Department of Education through the Office of Education Licensure, desire to engage in the Project to develop a comprehensive, equity-centered pipeline for school and district leaders. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Kentucky Department of Education Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Kentucky Department of Education as part of the Wallace Foundation Equity-Centered Pipeline for School and District Leaders and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.S.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the Spalding University as Part of the Wallace Foundation Equity-Centered Pipeline Initiative Rationale JCPS has been awarded grant funding from the Wallace Foundation to develop a comprehensive, aligned principal pipeline to benefit student achievement and produce equity-centered leaders who can help bring the District’s vision of equity to fruition. The initiative seeks to benefit both participating districts and yield broadly applicable approaches that other districts can adapt to their own contexts. The Wallace Foundation requires university partners to be part of this initiative. JCPS and the Spalding University through the College of Education, desire to engage in the Project to develop a comprehensive, equity-centered pipeline for school and district leaders. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA  Spalding University Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Spalding University as part of the Wallace Foundation Equity-Centered Pipeline Initiative for school and district leaders and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.S.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the University of Louisville as Part of the Wallace Foundation Equity-Centered Pipeline Initiative Rationale JCPS has been awarded grant funding from the Wallace Foundation to develop a comprehensive, aligned principal pipeline to benefit student achievement and produce equity-centered leaders who can help bring the District’s vision of equity to fruition. The initiative seeks to benefit both participating districts and yield broadly applicable approaches that other districts can adapt to their own contexts. The Wallace Foundation requires university partners to be part of this initiative. JCPS and the University of Louisville through the College of Education, desire to engage in the Project to develop a comprehensive, equity-centered pipeline for school and district leaders. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - THE UNIVERSITY OF LOUISVILLE RESEARCH FOUNDATON Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the University of Louisville as part of the Wallace Foundation Equity-centered Pipeline for School and District Leaders and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.S.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Sharing Agreement with Family & Children’s Place Operating the Greater Louisville Head Start Program Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools entered into an agreement with the Greater Louisville Head Start program in 2021 in order to support coordination between Head Start and publicly funded preschool programs. This Memorandum of Agreement regarding data sharing will allow both organizations to collaborate, share student information, and report student and program data to state and federal agencies. Submitted by Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments DSA -GREATER LOUISVILLE HEAD START PROGRAM-FAMILY & CHILDREN PLACE Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Sharing Agreement regarding data sharing with Family & Children’s Place operating the Greater Louisville Head Start program and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.S.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Greater Louisville Head Start (GLHS) Rationale This Memorandum of Agreement sets out the terms by which the Head Start program and JCPS will ensure full utilization of Head Start funds by meeting the following objectives: (1) to avoid duplication of programs and services; (2) to avoid supplanting of federal funds; (3) to maximize the use of Head Start funds to serve as many four-year-old children as possible. This MOA provides for coordination between Head Start and JCPS as required by 45 CFR 1302.53 and 45 CFR 1302.63. The Kentucky Department of Education also requires the Head Start director and JCPS representative to jointly complete and sign the Certificate of Head Start Full Utilization by September 15, 2024, to verify the number of at-risk four-year-olds enrolled with Head Start and confirm that Head Start is fully utilized on September 1, 2025. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments MOA-GLHS & FCP Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Greater Louisville Head Start (GLHS) and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.S.13.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville Free Public Library Rationale This Amendment corrects a typographical error in the original Agreement with the Louisville Free Public Library approved at the July 29, 2025, JCBE meeting. The termination date was mistakenly stated as June 30, 2025, and is hereby revised to reflect the correct term and termination date of June 30, 2026. This item supports Strategy 1.1.5-Improve Student Literacy and 1.1.7-Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments Amendment- Louisville Free Public Library.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to the Memorandum of Agreement with the Louisville Free Public Library and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.S.14.
                                Recommendation for Approval of an External Agency Grant Agreement with Louisville Jefferson County Metro Government Rationale Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government and JCPS jointly fund several programs operated within the district that benefit students and families in Jefferson County. Neighborhood Place is a partnership between the Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services—Jefferson County Region, Louisville Metro Government, Louisville Metro Health Department, Seven Counties Services, Inc., and Jefferson County Public Schools. Neighborhood Place offers a network of community-based, one-stop service centers that provide basic human services that improve the convenience and efficiency of services that support children and families. Neighborhood Place is the primary referral point for families served by Family Resource and Youth Service Centers (FRYSC) when families have multiple needs or needs beyond those provided by the FRYSC centers. The services provided are consistent with the provisions of the Kentucky Education Reform Act (KERA) to remove barriers to student achievement. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments Agreement- Louisville Jefferson County Metro Governmnet.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached External Agency Grant Agreement with Louisville Jefferson County Metro Government accepting funding in the amount of $84,000 and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.S.15.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Understanding with the University of Louisville Athletic Association Rationale This MOU provides a reunification site for students and parents/guardians in an emergency situation should a school evacuation be necessary. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 3.2.2 Improve and Standardize external Systems. Submitted by: Todd Kessinger Attachment Attachments MOA - UNIVERSITY OF LOUISVILLE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION INC (ULAA)- PENDING 8-19-2025 BOARD APPROVAL Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Understanding with the University of Louisville Athletic Association, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.T.
                                Recommendation to Receive the Attached Board Policies for First Reading and Receive the Attached Administrative Procedures for Review Rationale The Board Policy Committee reviewed these policies and administrative procedures during its meeting on July 25, 2025. The policies are recommended for approval and the administrative procedures are provided for review by the Board. Policies and Administrative Procedures Recommended by JCPS Staff 04.9                          Audits 03.121                      Salaries (Certified) 03.1234                    Medical Leave (Certified) 03.2234                    Medical Leave (Classified) 03.1233                    Unpaid Child Rearing Leave (Certified) 03.2233                    Unpaid Child Rearing Leave (Classified) 03.1233 AP.2             Parental Leave (Certified) 03.2233 AP.2             Parental Leave (Classified) 03.1XXX                   Unpaid Adoption Leave (Certified) 03.2XXX                   Unpaid Adoption Leave Classified Technical Amendments 02.11                      Qualifications of Superintendent 08.232 AP.1             Instructional Resource Procedures 08.11                      Course of Study 02.4241                  School Council Policies 03.123                    Leaves and Absences (Certified) 03.223                    Leaves and Absences (Classified) 03.1234 AP.1           Political Issues at School (Certified) 03.2234 AP.1           Political Issues at School (Classified) Submitted by: Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments Policies and Procedures 1st Reading 08-19-2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Board Policies for first submission and reading and receive the attached Administrative Procedures for Review. XII.
                                Board Planning Calendar Rationale Board members may review and offer suggestions for future Board meeting agendas during the Board Planning Calendar portion of regular Board meetings. A list of selected Board of Education discussion agenda items has been compiled for use by the Board and administrative staff. The list includes activities for action and discussion. It is anticipated that staff will use this list to avoid scheduling conflicts, improve coordination and support of activities, enhance planning, and increase awareness of upcoming board meeting activities. Attachment Attachments Planning Calendar Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. Actions Taken Order #2025-148 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. XIII.
                                Committee Reports Rationale Meeting dates and times can be accessed on the JCPS Calendar of Events . Meeting materials and Minutes from previous meetings can be accessed here . XIV.
                                Board Reports Rationale Each meeting shall contain an opportunity for Board members to report on noteworthy events pertaining to the work of schools and the District. XV.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) XVI.
                                Executive Session (If Necessary) XVII.
                                Action Item (If Necessary) XVIII.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2025-149 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the August 19, 2025, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 8:53 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett.