INTERIM JOINT COMMITTEE ON LICENSING, OCCUPATIONS, AND 
ADMINISTRATIVE REGULATIONS

Minutes of the 3rd Meeting of the 2025 Interim

August 21, 2025

Call to Order and Roll Call
The third meeting of the Interim Joint Committee on Licensing, Occupations, and 
Administrative Regulations was held on August 21, 2025, at 2:00 PM at the Kentucky State 
Fair. Senator Julie Raque Adams, Chair, called the meeting to order, and the secretary called 
the roll.

Present were:
Members:  Senator Julie Raque Adams, Co-Chair; Representative Matthew Koch, Co-Chair; 
Senators Karen Berg, Donald Douglas, Jimmy Higdon, Stephen Meredith, Michael J. Nemes, 
and Matt Nunn; and Representatives Emily Callaway, Mike Clines, Anne Gay Donworth, 
Daniel Fister, Patrick Flannery, Al Gentry, Samara Heavrin, Thomas Huff, Kevin Jackson, 
Michael Meredith, Amy Neighbors, Rebecca Raymer, and Nick Wilson.

Guests:  Maggie Garrison, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Kentucky Lottery 
Corporation (KLC); Jennifer Luhrs, Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, KLC; M. Keith Poynter, 
General Counsel, Kentucky Board of Physical Therapy; and Dr. Avery Schroyer, American 
Physical Therapy Association, Kentucky Chapter (APTA-KY).

LRC Staff:  Bryce Amburgey, Wendy Craig, and Lisa W. Moore.

Approval of the July 31, 2025, Meeting Minutes
Representative Fister motioned to approve the minutes from the July 31, 2025, meeting, 
and Senator Nemes seconded the motion. Motion carried and the minutes were approved 
by voice vote.

Kentucky Lottery Corporation Updates
Maggie Garrison, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, KLC, and Jennifer Luhrs, Vice 
President, Chief Legal Officer, KLC, provided an overview of the KLC and Fiscal Year (FY) 
2025 milestones. In FY 2025, the lottery transferred more than $384 million to the 
Commonwealth to fund seven different scholarships and grants. Since its inception, the 
lottery has earned more than $7.6 billion in proceeds for the state. Specific transfers for 
each legislative district can be provided to members upon request or the information may 
be obtained from the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA) website. 

Committee meeting materials may be accessed online at https://apps.legislature.ky.gov/CommitteeDocuments/50
1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The lottery surpassed one million Kentuckians receiving educational funding at the end of 
the fall 2024 semester. The number will grow once the spring 2025 semester data is 
reported by KHEAA. The KLC partnered with the Kentucky Distillers' Association to leverage 
the rich heritage of Kentucky's signature bourbon industry. The partnership created three 
Kentucky Bourbon Trail-themed lottery games that created over $21.9 million in sales.

In response to Senator Berg regarding what percentage of overall proceeds are distributed 
to education, Ms. Garrison said there has been a shift in player preference over the last 
couple of years causing fluctuations in margin percentages. Kentucky experienced a 
decrease in the margin percentage, and 19 percent was allotted to support education, 
while 81 percent of proceeds went to prizes and other costs. Player behavior can dictate 
profit margin and fluctuates based on the percentages of people playing higher payout 
games, such as Powerball and Mega Millions. She noted even though the percentages have 
decreased, the dollars raised have increased. 

Responding to Representative Gentry, Ms. Garrison said the decrease in the lottery funding 
educational scholarships in FY 2025 is because fewer people were playing higher payout 
games, although the KLC is utilizing the dollars more efficiently. FY 2024 was also an outlier 
year, with five game payouts reaching the $1 billion mark. Discretionary funds are at a 
premium, and people can now choose to spend their income on sports wagering as well. 
There is no data to support that the passage of sports wagering in Kentucky has affected 
lottery sales.

Responding to Co-Chair Koch regarding the distribution of lottery proceeds funding 
technical schools, Ms. Garrison said KHEAA tracks and reports specific monetary 
distributions to the seven scholarship and grant programs. KLC reports on jurisdictions, 
counties, and schools.

Responding to Senator Higdon, Ms. Garrison said retail and online sales increased in FY 
2025. The percentage difference between online and retail sales is decreasing as buying 
online becomes more familiar.

Responding to Representative Donworth, Ms. Garrison said in FY 2025, the KLC reported a 
record low operating expense of 1.8 percent compared to other lottery companies that 
reported two percent operating expenses. The KLC is proud of its efficiency and low 
operating costs in comparison to sales.

Physical Therapists
Representative Neighbors; M. Keith Poynter, General Counsel, Kentucky Board of Physical 
Therapy; and Dr. Avery Schroyer, APTA-KY, discussed 2025 RS HB 255/GA. Representative 
Neighbors intends to file the same bill in the upcoming 2026 Regular Session of the 

Committee meeting materials may be accessed online at https://apps.legislature.ky.gov/CommitteeDocuments/50
2

 
 
 
 
 
 
General Assembly. The bill modernizes statutes surrounding physical therapists in Kentucky. 
The APTA-KY is in full support of the legislation. 

Responding to Representative Gentry regarding recreational therapists in adaptive golf, Mr. 
Poynter said recreational therapists are not recognized by the Kentucky Board of Physical 
Therapy. He said recreational therapists may fall under the purview of Occupational 
Therapists, or another category of therapist. 

Responding to Chair Raque Adams, the panel said they are unaware of any organization or 
entity opposed to the legislation.

Nursing Board Update
Representative Raymer provided an update on the Kentucky Board of Nursing. The board 
licenses 79,714 nurses, and has 499 open investigations, which is less than one percent of 
all licensees. The biggest obstacles facing the board are staffing issues and pay equity. Pay 
raises vary depending upon whether the nurse is registered as non-merit or merit. She 
reported remote work has been instrumental for staff retention and recruitment. Legislation 
may be needed to allow the board more freedom to review out-of-state nurse applicants 
to ensure they meet Kentucky's nursing guidelines. 

Chair Raque Adams said she received numerous inquiries about the need to keep the 
teleworking option.

Social Work Board Update
Representative Heavrin provided an update on the Kentucky Board of Social Work. One of 
the most notable obstacles facing the board is a social worker's transition from school to 
real world experience. Investigations increased in 2025, and there are no staffing issues. A 
cleanup licensure bill is expected for the 2026 Regular Session of the General Assembly. 

Responding to Senator Nemes, Representative Heavrin said the board does not want to 
expand, but it does wish to add diversity and criteria prerequisites for potential board 
members.

Adjournment
With no further business before the committee, the meeting adjourned at 2:30 PM.

Committee meeting materials may be accessed online at https://apps.legislature.ky.gov/CommitteeDocuments/50
3

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
