KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County December 09, 2025 6:00 PM Regular Business Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Moment of Silence Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. Attachments 12 9 25 JCBE Meeting Notice.pdf Board Q&A II.
                                The Pledge of Allegiance II.A.
                                Vision Statement Rationale All Jefferson County Public School students graduate prepared, empowered, and inspired to reach their full potential and contribute as thoughtful, responsible citizens of our diverse, shared world. III.
                                Recognitions and Resolutions Actions Taken Order #2025-190 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the December 9, 2025, Recognitions. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. James Craig. III.A.
                                Recognition of Bus Driver Donnice Harris for Making Sure a Student Could Enjoy Pajama Day at His School Rationale When JCPS bus driver Donnice Harris saw one of her riders didn’t have pajamas on for Jacob Elementary’s Pop-Up Pajama Day, she knew what she was going to do. After safely dropping the students off at Jacob Elementary, she stopped at a store and bought him a new set of PJs. This act of kindness goes above and beyond Donnice’s job duties and will make an impact on the student for years to come. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Donnice Harris for her generosity in ensuring that every child feels included in events. III.B.
                                Recognition of Ballard and Waggener Students for Placing at Nationals in Educators Rising Rationale Nine JCPS students placed at the Educators Rising national conference. Students from Waggener and Ballard High Schools placed in a variety of subjects. Educators Rising is a program that aims to eliminate the teacher shortage by getting current and future educators to become community leaders and advocates for high-quality education, according to the program’s website. From Waggener: Lisa Rodriguez Espinsosa placed seventh in Children’s Literature Spanish Brynlee Morris placed seventh in Lesson Planning Humanities - JV And the Ethical Dilemma Team, consisting of JJ Hayden, Mebale Welu, and Grace Imboneyase, placed 10th. From Ballard: Teba Al Rawi placed fifth in Creative Lecture - JV Alyssa Pollard, Kira Wicker, Abigail Bizzell, and Skylar Smith placed second in Outstanding Chapter And Marleigh Tripp placed second in Interactive Bulletin Board Four other JCPS students, Brandon Rodriguez Ayora, Madelyn Cain, Catherine Davis, and Clare O’Bryan, also placed in the event. They graduated this past May. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize these students for placing in the national Educators Rising competition. III.C.
                                Recognition of the Three JCPS Students Who Were Selected for the Kentucky Department of Education 2025-26 Student Advisory Council Rationale Three JCPS students are returning to the Kentucky Department of Education’s Commissioner’s Student Advisory Council. They are: Austin Eric Vitato, senior at the J. Graham Brown School Sophia Langford, senior at the J. Graham Brown School Aliete Yanes Medina, senior at Fern Creek High School Nearly 60 students from across the commonwealth applied for this year. These students will be part of a group that will regularly meet with the Commissioner of Education, Robbie Fletcher, to discuss how state-level decisions are affecting students throughout the commonwealth. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize three students for their role in representing the voice of Jefferson County students. III.D.
                                Recognition of Two Teachers Named as Finalists for the Kentucky Council for Exceptional Children’s Teacher of the Year Rationale Two JCPS teachers are in the running for a teacher of the year honor. Emily Lane, of Phoenix School of Discovery, and Madeline Kleier, of Schaffner Traditional Elementary, are finalists for the Kentucky Council for Exceptional Children’s Teacher of the Year. They’ve both said, “It’s a profound honor” to be named a finalist for the award. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Emily Lane and Madeline Kleier for being named finalists for a Teacher of the Year award. III.E.
                                Recognition of Jacob Elementary School for Earning Three Best Practice Awards at the 2025 Continuous Improvement Summit Rationale Jacob Elementary School earned three of the 13 Best Practice Awards presented at the 2025 Continuous Improvement Summit, hosted by the Kentucky Department of Education. These awards recognize innovative practices that are improving student learning and serving as models for schools across the state. Jacob was honored for its work in: MTSS: Real Talk on Real Support Healing, Learning, Leading: Rebuilding School Culture with Neuroscience Solving for Success: A Systematic Approach to Tiered Math Interventions This recognition highlights the dedication of Jacob’s educators to student growth, innovation, and a culture of continuous learning. We are proud to see their work celebrated at the state level. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Jacob Elementary School for earning three Best Practice Awards at the 2025 Continuous Improvement Summit. III.F.
                                Recognition of duPont Manual High School Junior Ella Sizemore for Being the First JCPS Student to Win a Girls’ Regional Title in more than 20 Years Rationale duPont Manual High School junior Ella Sizemore ended a golf drought for JCPS. Last month, she became the first golf regional champion for a JCPS school in 21 years. Her dad introduced her to the game when she was young, and it’s been a passion ever since. She competed for the state championship last week. While she might’ve been the one to end the drought, she doesn’t think it’ll take another two decades for the next regional golf champion to come from a JCPS school. Submitted by:  Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Ella Sizemore for her positive representation in golf for JCPS. III.G.
                                Recognition of Westport Middle School for Being Named a Unified Champion School Rationale Westport Middle School was named a Unified Champion School from Special Olympics Kentucky. Westport earned this honor through inclusive participation in sports and other activities. In October, Westport was recognized by the Kentucky Department of Education for this distinction. The Warhawks are one of five JCPS middle schools with his honor. JCPS has 16 schools classified as Unified Champion Schools. Submitted by:  Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Westport Middle School as a Unified Champion School. III.H.
                                Recognition of 11 JCPS Elementary Schools for Earning Positive Behavior Interventions and Supports (PBIS) Recognition from the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale The Kentucky Department of Education has recognized 11 elementary schools and eight middle, high, and state agency schools for their implementation of Positive Behavior Interventions and Supports, or PBIS. The schools being recognized tonight by the Jefferson County Board of Education are the 11 elementary schools. They received either a Bronze, tier one level; a Silver, tiers one and two; or Gold, tiers one, two, and three. Here are the schools: Auburndale - Gold Level Bloom - Bronze Level Bowen - Gold Level Cane Run - Bronze Level Carter - Bronze Level Goldsmith - Silver Level Mill Creek - Bronze Level Price - Gold Level Watterson - Bronze Level Wilder - Silver Level Young and Engelhard - Both receiving bronze independently, now they are one school Submitted by:  Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize 11 schools for their fidelity of implementation of PBIS. III.I.
                                Recognition of Men Against Gun Violence, and its 28 members, for making Sure JCPS Students Feel Safe at their Bus Stops Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools is pleased to recognize Kamal Abdul-Kaliq Wells, Founder and President of Men Against Gun Violence, and the 28 members of the organization who support our students each day. These dedicated community volunteers position themselves at JCPS bus stops every morning and afternoon, offering a positive and encouraging presence as students begin and end their school day. Their daily commitment strengthens relationships with families and neighborhoods while demonstrating powerful community support for our students. We appreciate their continued partnership with JCPS and thank them for showing up every day to uplift our young people. Submitted by:  Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Men Against Gun Violence and its 28 members. IV.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 12 9 25 Agenda Revised Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2025-191 - Motion Passed: A motion to revise the agenda to remove and postpone the following Consent Items to the January 20, 2026, meeting:

X.Y. Approval of Relocating Georgia Chaffee TAPP to the Gheens Building and Relocating Waller-Williams Environmental School to the Current Georgia Chaffee TAPP Location
X.Z. Approval of School Consolidation for King Elementary School and the Closure of Zachary Taylor Elementary School
X.AA. Approval of School Closures for Liberty Middle and High School;

 passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. James Craig. Order #2025-192 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the revised agenda passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. Order #2025-193 - Motion Passed: A motion was made to request that Superintendent Brian Yearwood provide to the Board additional and supplementary information regarding the rationale for Items X.Y, X.Z, and X.AA. The information should include how students who would be displaced from King, Zachary Taylor, and Liberty will be accommodated at the receiving schools to provide the same or enhanced services; how the relocations of TAPP and Waller Williams will meet or exceed the current physical plant, square footage and amenities of the current locations of those schools; and how any renovations at the proposed new locations will be offset by any anticipated budgetary savings. The information should be delivered to the Board on or before December 23, 2025. 
The Board additionally requested that all cuts that will be proposed on January 20, 2026, be provided to the Board in detail on or before December 23, 2025.
The motion passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. James Craig. V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 11 18 25 Minutes Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2025-194 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the November 18, 2025, meeting. The recommendation  passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VI.
                                Superintendent's Report Attachments 2024-2025 KSA Results Board Meeting 12 9 25 (1) VII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . VIII.
                                Action Items IX.
                                Information Items X.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2025-195 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the November 9, 2025, Consent Calendar. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. X.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2025-12-09 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. X.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2025-12-09 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. X.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions X.C.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Operations Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments OPERATIONS 2025-12-09.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Dr. H Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). X.D.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on December 9, 2025. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments Approved by Superintendent 12-09-25 FIELD TRIPS 12-09-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. X.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Projects, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Forms X.E.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Gym Air Conditioning at Jeffersontown High School Rationale This project will consist of adding air conditioning to the small gymnasium. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Jeffersontown HS - Gym Air Conditioning Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Gym Air Conditioning at Jeffersontown High School, for an estimated project cost for $149,979. X.E.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Gym Ceiling Replacement at Field Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of removing the failing plaster ceiling including lights, HVAC diffusers, and sprinkler piping and installing a new ACT Ceiling with new lights. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Field ES - Gym Ceiling Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Pickett Passafiume Architects and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Lead Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Gym Ceiling Replacement at Field Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $169,790. X.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-1 Form for Purchase of Kentucky Transportation Cabinet Surplus Property on Dixie Highway Rationale A purchase agreement has been prepared between the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet, Department of Highways, Division of Right of Way and Utilities and the Jefferson County School District Finance Corporation for the purchase price of $310,000. This right of way surplus property currently sits between the parcels that were donated to the district by Molina Healthcare for the future home of the new Hudson Middle School. To combine all the donated parcels into one single parcel and perform planned construction for the new middle school project, this property must be acquired. Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:050 The Kentucky Department of Education requires a separate BG-1 to be submitted for the cost of the property purchase and associated closing cost and legal fees. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Property Purchase - KYTC ROW Surplus Property Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the BG-1 form for an estimated cost of $325,000 for the purchase of 60’ right of way located at Dixie Highway (18th Street). X.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bids and Revised BG-1 Forms X.G.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Chiller Replacement at Iroquois High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s chillers. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-005. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on November 18, 2025.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Iroquois HS - Chiller Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Hussung Mechanical Contractors, Inc. for Chiller Replacement at Iroquois High School for the low base bid of $872,875; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $997,000. X.G.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Barret Traditional Middle School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler and chiller. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-007 Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on November 14, 2025.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Barret TMS - Boiler & Chiller Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Best Mechanical Services, LLC for Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Barret Traditional Middle School for the low base bid of $1,141,972; reject Alternates 1 and 2; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $1,300,000. X.G.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Chiller Replacement at Jeffersontown High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s chillers. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved CMTA, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-006. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on November 14, 2025.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Jeffersontown HS - Chiller Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Walker Mechanical Contractors, Inc. for Chiller Replacement at Jeffersontown High School for the low base bid of $182,647; accept Alternates 1 and 2 for a total base bid of $228,067; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $840,000. X.G.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson MS) Bid Package II – New Building Rationale This project will consist of building a new 1,000 student capacity middle school in West Louisville to accommodate the new student assignment plan. On September 3, 2024, the Board of Education approved Schmidt Associates, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-035. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on November 11, 2025.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 New MS West Louisville (Hudson MS) Bid Package II - New Building Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Redlee Construction & Development, Inc. for Bid Package II – New Building for New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson MS) for the low base bid of $51,636,000; accept Alternates 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 for a total bid of $51,935,000; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $59,900,000. X.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Revised BG-1 Form for Partial Window Replacement at 3901 Atkinson Square Drive Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved Tony Kleyer, Architect to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-026. On January 28, 2025, the Board of Education approved awarding a contract to Woodbine Construction Company, Inc. In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires revision of the BG-1 form when change orders exceed the budgeted contingency amount. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 3901 Atkinson Square Drive - Partial Window Replacement - CO Contingency Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached revised BG-1 form for Partial Window Replacement at 3901 Atkinson Square Drive in the amount of $390,607. X.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid for 2025-2026 Asbestos and Lead Maintenance Contract at Various Schools Rationale This project is a contract for the incidental removal of asbestos and lead materials in schools for the Fiscal Year 2025-2026. The price contract is required in order to comply with the school district’s AHERA (Asbestos Hazard Emergency Response Act) management plans. Compliance with the management plans began on July 9, 1989. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on November 13, 2025. The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Approval of Bid Various Schools - 2025-26 Asbestos & Lead Maint. Contract Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to RH Environmental for 2025-2026 Asbestos and Lead Maintenance Contract at Various Schools not to exceed $180,000 based on the low average multiplier. The contract will expire on December 10, 2026, unless renewed by both parties for up to two successive one-year renewal terms. X.J.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completions and BG-4 Forms X.J.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Career and Technical Education Program Renovations at Doss High School Rationale On October 15, 2024, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-036. On April 29, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Corbett Construction Co., Inc. as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Doss HS - CTE Program Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Corbett Construction Co., Inc. for Career and Technical Education Program Renovations at Doss High School for a total construction cost of $229,839.60. X.J.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Career and Technical Education Program Renovations at Eastern High School Rationale On October 15, 2024, the Board of Education approved JRA Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-037. On April 29, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to OMNI Commercial, LLC as the low bidder. JRA Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Eastern HS - CTE Program Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to OMNI Commercial, LLC for Career and Technical Education Program Renovations at Eastern High School for a total construction cost of $188,875.21. X.J.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Neighborhood Place Relocation at Thomas Jefferson Middle School Rationale On January 28, 2025, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-042. On May 13, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Corbett Construction Co., Inc. as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 TJMS - Neighborhood Place Relocation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Corbett Construction Co., Inc. for Neighborhood Place Relocation at Thomas Jefferson Middle School for a total construction cost of $884,502.72. X.K.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 12-9-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. X.L.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. There are no tie bids. Submitted by:  Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments_12 09 25 Amendment on Automotive_Bus Repair Parts & Services (Line Item) Amendment on Furniture, Classroom & Office (Percentage) Bus Body Parts & Accessories C/N for Reading and Math Universal Screener and Diagnostic Assessment C/N for Walk In Cooler Freezer Units & Installation for Two New School Cafeterias Chemical Dilution Supplies & Hand Soap Controls for Heating & AC Diesel & Gasoline Floor Finish & Related Items Gases, Industrial Welding & Supplies Large Lunchroom Equipment (Line Item) Locally Grown Fresh Fruits & Vegetables Services Printing for Construction Documents Wrecker Service Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiations, bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendments. X.M.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 12.09.25 01 - Solution Tree, Inc. Marzano Resources, LLC. - Amendment (FY25-26) 02 - The Vine Couseling (FY25-26) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. X.N.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025 and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $20,000. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 12.09.2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. X.O.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer X.O.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 10.27.25 - 11.16.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of October 27, 2025 through November 16, 2025. X.O.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 10.27.25 - 11.16.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 10.27.25 - 11.16.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of October 27, 2025 through November 16, 2025. X.O.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 10.27.25 - 11.16.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of October 27, 2025 through November 16, 2025. X.P.
                                Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Period Ended September 30, 2025 Rationale This report is provided to the Board per KRS 160.560 and Board Policy 04.31 Fiscal Accounting and Reporting . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Board Financials_09.25 Notes of Interest SEPTEMBER 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Monthly Financial Report for periods ended September 30, 2025. X.Q.
                                Acceptance of Quarterly Report of Investment Performance Rationale This report is provided to the Board per JCPS Policy 04.36 Investments . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments September 2025 QIR Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Quarterly Report of Investment Performance for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. X.R.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding X.R.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision-Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards of less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Donations and Small Grant Report December 9 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $146,279.89 to be used as stated in the attachment. X.R.2.
                                Acceptance of Donation from the Fern Creek Alumni Association Rationale The Fern Creek Alumni Association will provide $60,000 to Fern Creek High School to fund part of the position of Dr. Beau Baker for the 2025-26 school year. The purpose of the donation is to provide college readiness and post-secondary services to Fern Creek High School students. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Donation - FERN CREEK HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNI ASSOCIATION Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the donation of $60,000 from the Fern Creek High School Alumni Association. X.R.3.
                                Acceptance of Offer of Assistance from the Kentucky School Facilities Construction Commission Education Technology Funding Program Rationale The Jefferson County Board of Education has accepted offers of assistance from The Kentucky School Facilities Construction Commission (SFCC) Education Technology Funding Program since the 1993 school year. Funding is based on the statewide ADA figures. The first offer of assistance for Fiscal Year 2026 is $992,240. Accepted state technology fund offers of assistance will be matched equally by the District. The funding provides for continuing the program of progress toward meeting the district's needs in technology education and directly supports our efforts to provide equitable access. Submitted by: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments FY26 1st KETS Offer-2026-04-5833 -- 162M 1ST OFFIER JOURNAL Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept the first offer of assistance from the Kentucky School Facilities Construction Commission Education Technology Funding Program in the amount of $992,240 and authorize the superintendent to commit $992,240 in local funds to the education technology restricted account to match the offer. X.R.4.
                                Acceptance of Grant Funding from the U.S.A. Chess Federation for Eisenhower Elementary School Rationale Eisenhower Elementary School was awarded a $3,000 grant from the United States Chess Federation to launch the Queens of the Board Girls’ Chess Initiative for the 2025–2026 school year. This program provides a supportive and empowering space for girls to learn and play chess while developing critical thinking, problem-solving, confidence, and leadership skills. Grant funds will support the purchase of chess equipment, awards, tournament entry fees, and engagement activities that encourage participation among female students. The initiative aligns with JCPS Guardrail 1: Access and Opportunity, promoting equitable access to enrichment experiences that build strategic thinking and student agency. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Award Contract - United States of America Chess Foundation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept grant funding in the amount of $3000 from the U.S.A. Chess Federation for Eisenhower Elementary School and authorize the superintendent to sign the attached Award Contract. X.R.5.
                                Acceptance of Ready 4 K Grant and Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Metro United Way Rationale The Greathouse/Shryock Family Resource Center (Cluster D FRYSC) has been awarded a grant of $9,800 through the Metro United Way Ready 4 K Alliance for the purpose of hosting a Community Baby Shower for families with children ages 0-3 and a Ready 4 K Kindergarten Readiness Event for incoming kindergarteners and their families. These activities support early learning, family engagement, and kindergarten readiness, aligning with JCPS Guardrail 1: Access and Opportunity and the District Pillar: Early Learning and Literacy. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Grant   MOA - Metro United Way Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept the Metro United Way Ready 4 K Alliance Grant in the amount of $9,800 for the Greathouse/Shryock Family Resource Center and authorizes the Superintendent to sign the attached Agreement. X.S.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements X.S.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Character Strong LLC Rationale This Data Privacy Agreement details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this Agreement and will terminate when the services terminate. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached Agreement. Character Strong supports to strengthen targeted and intensive interventions for students who need additional social, emotional and behavioral support. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments DPA-Characterstrong Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Character Strong LLC and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.S.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Child Care Services Agreement with KCE Champions at Luhr Elementary Rationale KCE Champions LLC will provide before and/or after school child care services at Luhr Elementary School. They will provide all necessary curriculum, materials, staffing, and management to operate the program effectively. Submitted By Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement- KCE Champions LLC Kindercare Education LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Child Care Services Agreement with KCE Champions LLC at Luhr Elementary and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.S.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of a Memorandum of Agreement with  Louisville Urban League Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) is entering into a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) with Louisville Urban League to provide data for a study of their Street Academy program. This study involves a program evaluation to assess the impact on participating JCPS students. The Street Academy program offers JCPS students, who may not otherwise be able to afford and access tutoring. The JCPS Institutional Review Board (IRB) must review and approve the study methods, including parent/guardian consent to provide student data to Louisville Urban League. There is no cost to JCPS to conduct the study. This research supports the Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1. 7 Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments MOA - LOUISVILLE URBAN LEAGUE Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville Urban League and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.S.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Navigate 360 Rationale This Data Privacy Agreement details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this Agreement and will terminate when the services terminate. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached Agreement. Navigate 360 provides behavior interventions/restorative practices for students. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments DPA - Navigate360 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Navigate 360 and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.S.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with New Orleans Teleport, Inc., DBA CallsPlus Rationale CallsPlus serves as the District’s hotline service provider, initially selected through a competitive RFP process in 2018. As part of the third contract renewal, a Data Privacy Agreement (DPA) is required to accompany the renewal. The DPA is necessary because CallsPlus performs intake of hotline reports and maintains the case management system that stores report data and related resolution information. This agreement ensures appropriate data protection and compliance with District privacy requirements. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 1.1.3- Provide Equitable Access. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments DPA-CALLPLUS Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with New Orleans Teleport, Inc., DBA CallsPlus and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.S.6.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Care Solace, Inc. Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. X.S.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to Data Privacy Agreement with Hazel Health Inc. Rationale Additional telehealth mental health services will be provided at no additional cost to the end of the 2025-26 school year instead of services ending when the current agreement expires due to difficulties. Students and families will have continued access to services and follow up with counselors. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments Amendment to Agreement - Hazel Health.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to the Data Privacy Agreement with Hazel Health Inc. and authorize the superintendent sign same. X.S.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the Louisville Metro Police Department Rationale Gang Resistance Education And Training (G.R.E.A.T.) is an evidence-based and effective gang and violence prevention program built around school-based, law enforcement officer-instructed classroom curricula. The Program is intended as an immunization against delinquency, youth violence, and gang membership for children in the years immediately before the prime ages for introduction into gangs and delinquent behavior. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA-LOUISVILLE METRO POLICE DEPT Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Louisville Metro Police Department and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.S.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Metro United Way Rationale This Memorandum of Agreement will allow participation in the United Community initiative which includes a wide variety of community partners coming together to implement a shared technology platform to help Louisville address the social determinants of health by linking education, health, and social services in one interconnected data and referral system. As a result, we will be able to streamline access, navigation, and coordination of available resources for the overall betterment of our community. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - Metro United Way Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Metro United Way and authorize the superintendent sign same. X.S.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Okolona Christian Church Rationale The agreement is directly connected to the District’s Strategic Plan, Goal One: Deeper Learning. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 3.2.1. and 3.3.1, which states that each student will have access to responsive services using best practices to strengthen relationships with families, stakeholders, and the community. This will be achieved by offering mentorship and activities that improve academic performance and social skills. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - Okolona Christian Church.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Okolona Christian Church and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.S.11.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Public Consulting Group LLC Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. X.S.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of District Assurance for the Cabinet for Health and Family Services Rationale Approval of the District Assurance allows the District to submit continuation plans for Family Resource and Youth Services Centers. The Cabinet for Health and Family Services and 128 Family Resource & Youth Services Centers in our district serve 144 schools. This District Assurance Certification Form for the reapplication process for Family Resource and Youth Services Centers in the District becomes part of each center's application. Grant applications for fiscal year 26-28 must be uploaded to the state system by March 1, 2026. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments ASSURANCE CERTIFICATION - CABINET FOR FAMILY AND HEALTH.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the District Assurance for the Cabinet for Health and Family Services and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.S.13.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with PowerSchool Group - United Home Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. X.T.
                                Recommendation for Approval to Purchase School Buses Through the Commonwealth of Kentucky Contract Price Procedure Rationale The District requests approval to purchase thirty two (32) school buses through the Commonwealth of Kentucky's contract price procedure. This procurement method ensures competitive pricing and adherence to state regulations. By acquiring these new buses, the District can maintain a reliable and safe fleet for student transportation. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments PURCHASE AGREEMENT - KDE THOMAS BUILT BUS Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve purchasing school buses through the Commonwealth of Kentucky Contract Price Procedure. X.U.
                                Recommendation for Review of Administrative Procedures Rationale The attached administrative procedures were reviewed and discussed by the Board Policy Committee on November 10, 2025, and were recommended to be brought to the Board for review. Submitted by Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments Procedures for Review by the Board 12-09-2025 v2 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education review the attached Administrative Procedures. X.V.
                                Recommendation to Approve the JCPS 2026 Legislative Priorities Rationale The 2026 Regular Session of the Kentucky General Assembly will convene on January 6, 2026. Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) functions within the statutory framework established by the General Assembly, so the actions of the legislature have a significant impact on the District's ability to carry out its work. Submitted by: Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments 2026 Draft Legislative Priorities Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached JCPS 2026 Legislative Priorities. X.W.
                                Recommendation for Approval of 2025-2026 Comprehensive District Improvement Plan Rationale The 2025-2026 Comprehensive District Improvement Plan (CDIP) encompasses four key diagnostics: (1) District Assurances, (2) Needs Assessment, (3) Executive Summary, and (4) Improvement Plan (which includes support for TSI and CSI schools). The attached plan, structured using the KDE CDIP template, reflects our present and future priorities. It integrates strategies that fit our three pillars as well as the new strategic priorities of financial stability, student achievement, and safety. As we develop our new Strategic Plan, our district improvement plan for next year will be focused on the key strategies needed to reach our goals. Attachments Attachments Diagnostics_CDIP Executive Summary 2526 Diagnostics_CDIP GAP Assurances 2526 Diagnostics_CDIP Needs Assessment 2526 Diagnostics_CDIP SY2526 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the 2025-2026 Comprehensive District Improvement Plan. X.X.
                                Adoption of the Attached Board Policies (Second Reading) Rationale The Board Policy Committee reviewed these policies during its meeting on October 20, 2025. The policies received a first reading at the November 18, 2025, Board meeting. Recommendations from JCPS Divisions 04.1                      Budget Planning and Adoption 02.12                    Duties of Superintendent 09.315                  Combining Middle School Teams 03.162                  Harassment/Discrimination (Certified) 03.262                  Harassment/Discrimination (Classified) 03.1621                Title IX Sexual Harassment (Certified) 03.2621                Title IX Sexual Harassment (Classified) 09.42811              Harassment /Discrimination (Students) Technical Amendments 05.32                    Public Sales on School Premises 09.427                  Student Dress Code 09.2442                Medicinal Cannabis 09.4                      Student Behavior 08.2321                Copyrighted Materials 05.23                    Energy Management 07.1                      Food/School Nutrition Services Submitted by Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments Policies  for Approval 12-09-2025 v4 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education adopt the attached Board policies. X.Y.
                                POSTPONED: Recommendation for Approval of Relocating Georgia Chaffee TAPP to the Gheens Building and Relocating Waller-Williams Environmental School to the Current Georgia Chaffee TAPP Location Rationale This agenda item was removed and postponed to the January 20, 2026, meeting. X.Z.
                                POSTPONED: Recommendation for Approval of School Consolidation for King Elementary School and the Closure of Zachary Taylor Elementary School Rationale This agenda item was removed and postponed to the January 20, 2026, meeting. X.AA.
                                POSTPONED: Recommendation for Approval of School Closures for Liberty Middle and High School Rationale This agenda item was removed and postponed to the January 20, 2026, meeting. X.BB.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Lease Agreement Between the Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky and YUM! Brands, Inc. Rationale On October 14, 2025, the Board of Education approved a real estate donation agreement for the donation of 28.4651 acres located at the above-mentioned street addresses between KFC Corporation and the Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky which permitted KFC to lease back the property from JCPS for a period of between six (6) months to one (1) year if KFC has not yet entered into a new lease for its operations in Louisville, Kentucky and establishes the parameters for such a lease back agreement. The lease will be provided without base rent considering the donation of the Property to Landlord. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Lease - YUM! BRANDS INC.12.3.2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached lease agreement between the Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky, as Landlord, and YUM! Brands, Inc., as Tenant, for the property being donated to the District by the KFC Corporation, having street addresses of 1441 Gardiner Lane; 1900 Gardiner Lane; 1950 Colonel Sanders Lane; and 1870 Allgeier Lane and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.CC.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-1 Form for Property Acquisition (by donation) for the KFC Corporation/YUM! Brands, Inc. Property Rationale On October 14, 2025, the Board of Education approved a real estate donation agreement for the donation of 28.4651 acres located at the above-mentioned street addresses between KFC Corporation and Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky. Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:090 The Kentucky Department of Education requires and has requested a separate BG-1 to be submitted for the property acquisition (by donation) for record keeping purposes and lists an estimated cost for associated closing cost and legal fees. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Property Acquisition - KFC Yum Donation.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the BG-1 form for an estimated cost of $20,000 for the property acquisition (by donation) of property by KFC Corporation located at 1441 Gardiner Lane; 1900 Gardiner Lane; 1950 Colonel Sanders Lane; and 1870 Allgeier Lane. X.DD.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-1 Form for Property Disposition by Lease for the KFC Corporation/YUM! Brands, Inc. Property Rationale On October 14, 2025, the Board of Education approved a real estate donation agreement for the donation of 28.4651 acres located at the above-mentioned street addresses between KFC Corporation and Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky. The real estate donation agreement permits KFC to lease back the property from JCPS for a period of between six (6) months to one (1) year if KFC has not yet entered into a new lease for its operations in Louisville, Kentucky and establishes the parameters for such a lease back agreement. Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:090 The Kentucky Department of Education requires and has requested a separate BG-1 to be submitted for the property disposition by lease for record keeping purposes and lists no funds as being spent. The property disposal by lease shall not affect the integrity or usefulness of property crucial to the educational needs of the District. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Property Lease - KFC Yum Donation Lease Back.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the BG-1 form for the property disposition by lease of property having street addresses of 1441 Gardiner Lane; 1900 Gardiner Lane; 1950 Colonel Sanders Lane; and 1870 Allgeier Lane. XI.
                                Board Planning Calendar Rationale Board members may review and offer suggestions for future Board meeting agendas during the Board Planning Calendar portion of regular Board meetings. A list of selected Board of Education discussion agenda items has been compiled for use by the Board and administrative staff. The list includes activities for action and discussion. It is anticipated that staff will use this list to avoid scheduling conflicts, improve coordination and support of activities, enhance planning, and increase awareness of upcoming board meeting activities. Attachment Attachments Planning Calendar Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. Actions Taken Order #2025-196 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. XII.
                                Committee Reports Rationale Meeting dates and times can be accessed on the JCPS Calendar of Events . Meeting materials and Minutes from previous meetings can be accessed here . Attachments Revenue Advisory Task Force XIII.
                                Board Reports Rationale Each meeting shall contain an opportunity for Board members to report on noteworthy events pertaining to the work of schools and the District. XIV.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) XV.
                                Executive Session (If Necessary) XVI.
                                Action Item (If Necessary) XVII.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2025-197 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the December 9, 2025, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 6:55 p.m. passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass.