KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County May 19, 2026 5:00 PM Special Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Call to Order II.
                                Superintendent's First Year Capstone Presentation Rationale During the 2025-26 school year, Superintendent Dr. Brian Yearwood participated in the Next Generation (NxG) Leadership Series for onboarding new superintendents. This is the statewide induction program for first-year school superintendents in Kentucky required under KRS 156.111. This new superintendent training is provided by the Kentucky Association of School Administrators (KASA) and the Center for Education Leadership (KASA/CEL), in partnership with the Kentucky Department of Education (KDE). The NxG Leadership Series is an extensive onboarding process that provides deeper knowledge levels, broadened skill sets, practical application, and dispositions for leadership based on seven effectiveness standards for superintendents. The program includes required training and participation in the following: Core concepts of leadership quality best practice Effective implementation of school-based decision making Kentucky school law Kentucky school finance and budgeting School curriculum and assessment Instructional leadership School improvement Community and board relations Effective communication Ethical leadership Executive coaching and mentoring program with an emphasis on demonstrated professional growth After completion of the training, each participant is required to make a capstone presentation to his or her board of education. Submitted by: Superintendent Brian Yearwood, Ed.D. Attachment Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive his capstone presentation required by the Next Generation (NxG) New Superintendent Leadership Series. III.
                                Enter Closed Executive Session for Preliminary and Formative Discussions Regarding the Superintendent's Evaluation Pursuant to KRS 61.810(1)(k) and KRS 156.557(6)(c) IV.
                                Adjourn from Executive Session V.
                                Adjournment