KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County July 29, 2025 6:00 PM Regular Business Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Moment of Silence Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. Attachments Board Q&A II.
                                The Pledge of Allegiance II.A.
                                Vision Statement Rationale All Jefferson County Public School students graduate prepared, empowered, and inspired to reach their full potential and contribute as thoughtful, responsible citizens of our diverse, shared world. III.
                                Recognitions and Resolutions Rationale Actions Taken Order #2025-126 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the recognitions. The recommendation passed passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. James Craig. III.A.
                                Recognition of Alfonso De Torres Núñez for Being Selected to Serve on the Kentucky Board of Education as its Non-Voting Teacher Member Rationale Bloom Elementary School teacher Alfonso De Torres Núñez will serve as the non-voting teacher member on the Kentucky Board of Education from July 1, 2025, to June 30, 2026. The KBE has 15 members. The governor appoints 11 voting members, seven representing the Supreme Court districts and four representing the state at large. The additional members – the president of the Council on Postsecondary Education, the secretary of the Education and Labor Cabinet, a high school student and an active elementary or secondary school teacher – serve as non-voting members. This exciting opportunity offers Núñez a chance to promote interest in and support for education in Kentucky and make a difference in Kentucky educational policy. Núñez was selected by the Kentucky Board of Education after applying for the position and being recommended by the Commissioner's Teacher Advisory Council (TAC). Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Alfonso De Torres Núñez for being selected to serve on the Kentucky Board of Education as the board’s non-voting teacher member. III.B.
                                Recognition of Four JCPS Students Who Were Named Educators Rising Kentucky State Officers Rationale Four JCPS students were recently named Educators Rising Kentucky state officers. Educators Rising Kentucky, formerly known as Future Educators of America, is the career and technical student organization (CTSO) for middle and high school students interested in education-related careers. Congratulations to: Director of Membership: Alyssa Pollard, Ballard High School Co-director of Communications: Haley Chowning, Seneca High School Co-director of Communications: Kelly Esquivel Hernandez, Central High Magnet Career Academy Director of Outreach and Service: Nia Serikali, Central High Magnet Career Academy These four students began their term on July 1 along with two additional students from other Kentucky school districts. Educators Rising seeks to create a clear pathway in every school district for young people who want to serve their communities as highly skilled educators. These student leaders will be involved in the planning and execution of the state conference and will meet with state legislators to discuss the needs of future educators. Additionally, they will represent Educators Rising Kentucky at regional events throughout the Commonwealth and at the national conference in June 2026. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize four JCPS students who were named Educators Rising Kentucky state officers. III.C.
                                Recognition of Seven Students Selected to Participate in the New JCPS Teacher Apprenticeship Program Rationale The new JCPS Teacher Apprenticeship Program seeks to tackle the nationwide teacher shortage head-on while paving the way for the next generation of educators. The district’s first-ever cohort is comprised of seven rising juniors from Louisville Central High School , Marion C. Moore School , Fairdale High School, and Ballard High School who will gain real classroom experience, earn dual credit, get paid, and graduate with their college tuition covered to become the teachers our JCPS students need. Congratulations to: Erin Kestler - Moore Ella Kurvers - Fairdale Madeline Colville - Fairdale Leah Hopper - Fairdale Abigail Bizzell - Ballard Trayonna Allen - Central Madison Blankenbaker - Ballard Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize seven JCPS students selected to participate in the first-ever cohort of the JCPS Teacher Apprenticeship Program. IV.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 7 29 25 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2025-127 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 7 8 25 Minutes Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2025-128 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of July 8, 2025. The recommendation  passed with a motion by Ms. Gail Logan Strange and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. VI.
                                Superintendent's Report Attachments New Superintendent Onboarding Sessions 2025 EBook - 2025-26 March 2025 Final Draft_  KASA New Superintendent 5 Standards Superintendent's Update Slides Actions Taken Order #2025-129 - Motion Passed: A motion was proposed that the Board of Education authorize an outside audit of the District's finances and expenditures for the period of two years to be conducted by a qualified accounting firm procured via a board-authorized RFP. Board Council shall determine whether or not the model procurement code permits the exclusion of the current firm on contract with the Board that conducts the annual financial audit. Additional parameters of the audit would be contained in the RFP. The motion  passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. VII.
                                Student Outcomes-Focused Governance Update VII.A.
                                Recommendation to Receive Goal Monitoring Report on Goal 4: 3rd Grade Literacy and Goal 5: 8th Grade Numeracy Rationale The Board will receive a report on Goal 4: 3 rd Grade Literacy and Goal 5: 8 th Grade Numeracy. The presentation will provide a theory of action, research, trend data, status, interpretation, effective strategies, growth opportunities, and next steps. Goal monitoring is a conversation between the board and superintendent that provides boards the opportunity to evaluate the alignment between the community’s vision for student outcomes (goals) and current student performance/growth (reality). Monitoring is about understanding the extent to which reality matches the Board’s adopted goals / interim goals. Monitoring is not about offering advice or recommendations; most monitoring is about understanding where we are and how we got here and to see what’s working/not working, and the expectation that this information impacts what happens next. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachments Goals 4&5 Presentation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Goal 4: 3rd Grade Literacy and Goal 5: 8th Grade Numeracy. VIII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . IX.
                                Action Items IX.A.
                                Consideration of a Resolution Regarding the Withholding of Appropriated Funds by the United States Department of Education and the Office of Management and Budget Rationale The federal Office of Management and Budget has withheld the distribution to states of $6.2 Billion of funds duly authorized by Congress and approved by the President, which were scheduled to be disbursed on July 1, 2025. Kentucky’s portion of those funds was $87 million, of which an estimated $11 million was supposed to be allocated the Jefferson County Public Schools. These cuts would have negatively impacted programing for professional development, academic enrichment, and English language acquisition in the District, all which are central to providing the quality education every child deserves. While the U.S. Department of Education notified the Kentucky Department of Education on July 25, 2025, that the funding was being restored, the disruption caused by this administration’s actions created a significant distraction for district staff and leadership at a crucial time of the year when all focus need to be on a successful beginning to the new school year. This resolution expresses dismay at the illegal and irresponsible approach of this administration in managing federal funding for public education, thanks the members of the Kentucky congressional delegation who successfully advocated the for reinstatement of these funds, welcomes continuing partnership with the U.S. Department of Education, and advocates for increased federal funding to improve public education in the future. Attachment Attachments Federal Funding Resolution v6 Recommended Motion The Board of Education shall consider the adoption a resolution expressing grave displeasure at the withholding of federal funds appropriated by Congress and approved by the President for public education for Fiscal Year 2025-26 that were withheld by the U.S. Department of Education and the Office of Management and Budget and expressing gratitude to the members of the Kentucky congressional delegation who interceded with President Trump’s administration to expedite corrective action. Actions Taken Order #2025-130 - Motion Passed: A motion for the adoption a resolution expressing grave displeasure at the withholding of federal funds appropriated by Congress and approved by the President for public education for Fiscal Year 2025-26 that were withheld by the U.S. Department of Education and the Office of Management and Budget and expressing gratitude to the members of the Kentucky congressional delegation who interceded with President Trump’s administration to expedite corrective action passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. X.
                                Information Items X.A.
                                Report on Opening Day Preparations for the 2025-26 School Year Rationale In preparation for the upcoming school year, the Board will receive a briefing on the Transportation Department's readiness plans and preparations being made for the opening day of school. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Transportation Update - July 29, 2025.pdf Actions Taken Order #2025-131 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Opening Day Preparations for the 2025-26 School Year. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. Order #2025-132 - Motion Passed: A motion to take a two-minute recess passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Dr. Corrie Shull. X.B.
                                Report on Mackenzie Scott Donation Funds and Supplemental Spending Criteria Rationale The Board will receive a report on the use of Mackenzie Scott donation and new supplemental spending criteria to reflect student achievement at the core of our funding decisions. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments MacKenzie Scott Presentation.pdf MacKenzie Scott residual funds.pdf Actions Taken Order #2025-133 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Mackenzie Scott Donation Funds and Supplemental Spending Criteria. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. James Craig. Order #2025-134 - Motion Passed: A motion that the Chair bring forth a proposed revision to the Memorandum of Agreement with the Foundation (Jefferson County Public
Education Foundation) to be placed on the consent agenda at the next full meeting of the Board of Education  passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. XI.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2025-135 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Consent Calendar minus items XI.S Recommendation for Approval of Policies (Waive Second Reading) and Review of Administrative Procedures, and
XI.T Recommendation for Approval to Rename the Indian Trail Elementary School Gymnasium to the Joseph A. Wood Gymnasium, passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. Order #2025-136 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve consent calendar item XI.S Recommendation for Approval of Policies (Waive Second Reading) and Review of Administrative Procedures, passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. James Craig. Order #2025-137 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve Consent Calendar item XI.T Recommendation for Approval to Rename the Indian Trail Elementary School Gymnasium to the Joseph A. Wood Gymnasium, passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. James Craig. XI.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2025-07-29 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. XI.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2025-07-29 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. XI.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions Rationale XI.C.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Exceptional Child Education Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ECE 2025-07-29 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XI.C.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Human Resources Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments HUMAN RESOURCES 2025-07-29 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XI.C.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Operations Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments OPERATIONS 2025-07-29 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XI.C.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions –Schools Division Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments SCHOOLS DIVISION 2025-07-29 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XI.D.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Projects, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Forms Rationale XI.D.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Chenoweth Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 75 squares of roof in Sections 1 and 3. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Chenoweth ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment McCulloch Associates Inc. and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Roof Replacement at Chenoweth Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $256,525. XI.D.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Coral Ridge Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 242 squares of roof in Sections 1, 4, and 5. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Coral Ridge ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment McCulloch Associates Inc. and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Roof Replacement at Coral Ridge Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $814,777. XI.D.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 130 squares of roof in Section 4. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Jeffersontown HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment McCulloch Associates Inc. and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown High School, for an estimated project cost for $440,980. XI.D.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Doss High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 285 squares of roof in Sections 4, 7, 9, and 10. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Doss HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment McCulloch Associates Inc. and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Roof Replacement at Doss High School, for an estimated project cost for $952,760. XI.D.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Norton Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 243 squares of roof in Sections 1, 2A, 2B, 2C, 4, and 7. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Norton ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment McCulloch Associates Inc. and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Roof Replacement at Norton Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $814,777. XI.D.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Western High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 189 squares of roof in Sections 4, 5, and 6. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Western HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment McCulloch Associates Inc. and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Roof Replacement at Western High School, for an estimated project cost for $636,172. XI.D.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Price Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 258 squares of roof in Sections 1 and 4. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Price ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment McCulloch Associates Inc. and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Roof Replacement at Price Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $864,862. XI.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for New School Building at Kerrick Elementary School Rationale This project consists of replacing the deteriorated facility at Kerrick Elementary School on the same site.  This project also includes the demolition of the existing Kerrick Elementary School building. On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved JRA Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-003. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on July 1, 2025.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Kerrick ES - New School Building Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Morel Construction Co., LLC for New School Building at Kerrick Elementary School for the low base bid of $30,050,000; accept Alternates 1 and 2 for a total bid of $30,165,000; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $36,500,000. XI.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Clothing Assistance Program Relocation and Renovation Rationale On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for WPC Company, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 CAP Relocation & Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Clothing Assistance Program Relocation and Renovation. XI.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 7-29-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. XI.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiation, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendment Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. There are no tie bids. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Competitive Negotiation, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendment_07 29 25 Amendment on Locks & Miscellaneous Hardware Bus Service  After School & Athletic Runs C/N for Network Segmentation Project Contractual Services on Garage Equipment Diesel & Gasoline Field Trip Bus Service Group Mentoring Service Vehicle Paint & Related Items Water Heaters & Accessory Items Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiation, bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendment. XI.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 07.29.25 01 - Tachau Meek, PLC.  (FY25-26) 02 - Parallel Learning Behavorial Health, P.C. (FY25-26) 03 - PL Grant and Associates, LLC. (FY25-26) 04 - School Kit Group (FY25-26) 05 - Franklin Covey Co. (FY25-26) 06 - Exploited Children Helps Organization (FY25-26) 07 - Solution Tree Inc., Marzano Resources, LLC. (FY25-26) 08 - Kentucky Science Center (FY25-26) 09 - Kentucky Science Center (FY25-26) 10 - Scholastic, Inc. (FY25-26) 11 - Kiddom, Inc. (FY25-26) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. XI.J.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025 and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $20,000. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 07.29.2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. XI.K.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer XI.K.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 06.16.25 - 07.06.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of June 16, 2025, through July 6, 2025. XI.K.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 06.16.25 - 07.06.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 06.16.25 - 07.06.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of June 16, 2025, through July 6, 2025. XI.K.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 06.16.25 - 07.06.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of June 16, 2025, through July 6, 2025. XI.L.
                                Recommendation for Approval of New Assistant Treasurer and Updated Bank Signature Resolution for Fiscal Year 2025-26 Rationale The approval of Assistant Treasurers is in accordance with KRS 160.560. Branch Banking & Trust company, now Truist, our current depository bank, will be notified and directed to honor the signatures of the Treasurer and/or Assistant Treasurers by submittal of the attached Signature Resolution and as authorized by Board Policy 4.3111 District Issuance of Checks . The appointment of Jessica Burton as an Assistant Treasurer is to replace a current Assistant Treasurer, Gina Kokojan, upon retirement, to become effective August 1, 2025.  Edward D. Muns is currently serving as Treasurer for the Jefferson County Board of Education. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Bank Signature Resolution 25-26 - 07.29.2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve a new Assistant Treasurer for Fiscal Year 2025-26 and further recommends approval of the attached updated Bank Signature Resolution for fiscal year 2025-26. XI.M.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding XI.M.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale This is a report of donations and small grants submitted to the Board of Education on July 29, 2025. Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Donations and Small Grants Report July 29 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $22,700.00 to be used as stated in the attachment. XI.M.2.
                                Acceptance of IDEA-B State Share Restricted Funds from the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale The Kentucky Department of Education (KDE) has identified nine special education cooperatives around the state to provide training and technical assistance statewide as a network to districts. The Greater Louisville Education Cooperative (GLEC) includes Jefferson County Public Schools and the Kentucky School for the Blind as its member districts. GLEC endeavors to enhance the educational opportunities and outcomes of students with disabilities through effective leadership and the collaborative delivery of specialized services, research and technical assistance. JCPS serves as fiscal manager for GLEC. Funds are awarded based on proposed scope of work for the Special Education Cooperatives throughout the state. KDE has outlined priorities for use of funds to improve behavior and academic achievement for students with disabilities. Each year the KDE uses these funds to support a host of regional and state-wide initiatives and activities designed to provide resources, opportunities, and access to educational programs that will improve outcomes for children with disabilities, and specially for the GLEC region. In addition, these funds support or entirely fund these programs which are part of the KDE’s Kentucky Technical Assistance Network (KTAN). Funds will also pay for supplies, materials, consultants, and professional development stipends. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments _KDE Award Letter Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept IDEA-B State Share Restricted Funds in the amount of $1,026,700 from the Kentucky Department of Education to provide technical assistance and support as described in the proposal. XI.M.3.
                                Acceptance of Grants from WHAS Crusade for Children to Support Exceptional Child Education Programs Rationale The WHAS Crusade for Children has awarded the District eight grants totaling $237,100. The grants will help children overcome physical, mental, emotional, and medical challenges by providing assistive technology, software, curriculum, and other tools that help them break through barriers to learning, participate more fully in the classroom setting, and succeed at school. Each grant supports individual needs of Exceptional Child Education (ECE) students, allows for more personalized learning, and helps eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. WHAS Crusade for Children awarded funding to the following seven ECE areas: Adapted Sports, Assistive Technology, Deaf/Hard of Hearing, Early Childhood, Moderate and Severe Disabilities, Occupational Therapy and Physical Therapy, and Visually Impaired. The District is not required to commit any matching funding to these projects and has no obligation beyond the end date of the grant period. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments WHAS GRANT ACCEPTANCE FORM   - OCCUPATIONAL PHYSICAL THERAPY WHAS GRANT ACCEPTANCE FORM - ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY WHAS GRANT ACCEPTANCE FORM - DEAF & HARD OF HEARING WHAS GRANT ACCEPTANCE FORM - EARLY CHILDHOOD WHAS GRANT ACCEPTANCE FORM - JCPS ADAPTED SPORTS WHAS GRANT ACCEPTANCE FORM - MODERATE TO SEVERE DISABILITIES WHAS GRANT ACCEPTANCE FORM - VISUALLY IMPAIRED Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept seven grants from the WHAS Crusade for Children totaling $237,100 to support Exceptional Child Education programs and authorize the superintendent to sign the attached grant acceptance forms. XI.N.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements XI.N.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Rental Agreement with AEG Management West Louisville, LLC for JCPS Athletic Field Day Rationale AEG Management West Louisville, LLC will provide Jefferson County Public Schools facility space located at  3029 W Muhammad Ali Blvd, Louisville, KY, Norton Healthcare Sports and Learning Center to host the JCPS Athletic Field Day on July 19, 2025. The Athletic Field Day is the perfect opportunity to highlight our talented student athletes in the District. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - AEG Management West Louisville Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached rental agreement with AEG Management West Louisville, LLC for the Athletics Field Day and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Lease Agreement with Adventurous Minds Produce Extraordinary Dreams, Inc. (AMPED) Rationale The primary purpose of this amendment with Adventurous Minds Produce Extraordinary Dreams, Inc. (AMPED)  is to extend the lease term for additional one-year periods, starting August 1, 2025. AMPED will provide leased space at 2500 W. Broadway to continue to be used as a West Louisville location for Elev8 Student Learning Center. This will provide more student learning opportunities and success toward graduation. Submitted by: Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments 3rd Amendment - AMPED Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Lease Agreement Amendment with Adventurous Minds Produce Extraordinary Dreams, Inc. (AMPED) and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Cognia, Inc Rationale Cognia will provide custom-developed Grades 3-8 English Language Arts EL curriculum, Kentucky state standards-aligned Evidence of Learning Checks (ELC).  The purpose of the ELCs is to produce actionable student performance data that can provide guidance for instructional focus. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 1.1.4-Reduce, revise, and refine assessments. Submitted by:  Dr. Terra Greenwell Attachment Attachments MOA - COGNIA INC - ADVANCE EDUCATION Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Cognia, Inc and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with First Hour Grief Responses, Inc.(FHGR) Rationale This agreement details a partnership between JCPS and FHGR (First Hour Grief Response, Inc.) The core of this work is to provide grief support through mentoring to students in JCPS schools. FHGR will provide trained mentors for 10-week, 55-minute grief support sessions called Hope Wave in participating JCPS schools. The agreement is directly connected to the District’s Strategic Plan, Goal One: Deeper Learning. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 3.2.1. and 3.3.1, which states that each student will have access to responsive services using best practices to strengthen relationships with families, stakeholders, and the community. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - FHGR dba First Hour Grief Responses Inc. Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with First Hour Grief Responses, Inc.(FHGR) and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Food Literacy Project Rationale This project, called "Field to Fork," is a collaboration between the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCPS) and The Food Literacy Project. The core purpose of the project is to teach children and parents important lessons related to food through practical, hands-on activities. The project states that each student will have access to responsive services using best practices to strengthen relationships with families, stakeholders, and the community. Students and parents will participate in lessons through gardening, cooking, and hands-on nutrition activities. The Food Literacy Project supports the goal of deeper learning. With the approved Memorandum of Agreement, any JCPS FRYSC center/school can implement the project in 2025-26. This work supports Vision 2020 strategies of Deeper Learning 3.2.1. and 3.3.1. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA- Food Literacy Program - Field to Fork Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Food Literacy Project and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Instructure dba Sneak on the Lot Rationale The attached Data Privacy Agreement (DPA) details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement and will terminate when the services contract terminates. All procedures and processes will be FERPA Compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. Instructure dba Sneak on the Lot is a comprehensive set of interconnected teaching and assessment tools to be used to support students in preparing to demonstrate postsecondary readiness and skills in a technical trade. Approval of this DPA will allow any JCPS location to purchase the resource following JCPS Model Procurement and Purchasing guidelines. The cost is not to exceed standard vendor pricing per school per year. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments DPA - Instructure dba Sneak on the Lot Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Instructure dba Sneak on the Lot and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson Community & Technical College for Dual Credit Rationale Dual Credit personnel from Jefferson Community & Technical College have worked with the principals, administrators, and teachers at various JCPS High Schools to identify teachers with the necessary credentials to offer dual credit for students scheduled in those courses. Participating High Schools will provide written notification of the courses they plan to offer prior to each semester and/or academic year. The terms of this partnership agreement follow the National Alliance of Concurrent Enrollment Partnerships (NACEP) standards of practice. This agreement also follows the SACS OCS accreditation standards for credentialing adjunct faculty. This agreement complies with the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarship Programs and includes negotiated points outlined in the Postsecondary Partner Institution (PPI) agreement with the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA), which manages the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarships. This college provides appropriate dual credit courses to all JCPS high school students and high schools participating in dual credit. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - JCTC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson Community & Technical College for dual credit courses and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association - Collective Bargaining Agreement Rationale The terms of the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association (JCTA) provide changes to the Collective Bargaining Agreement. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments JCTA MOA ECH Article 30 2025-26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association. XI.N.9.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government for Klondike Park at 3809 Klondike Lane Rationale Louisville Parks and Recreation (City), in conjunction with Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS), has developed a park for public use on property owned by JCPS, known as Klondike Park, located at 3809 Klondike Lane. This Memorandum of Agreement outlines the duties of the City and JCPS, in which the City has provided playground equipment, paving, landscaping, and fencing. The City shall inspect the park amenities on a monthly basis for repair and maintenance and may replace or provide improvements to amenities with prior approval from JCPS. The City will provide routine park maintenance to include mowing, landscaping, and trash pickup. JCPS shall provide site, allow it to be used as a Louisville Parks and Recreation public park, allow the City to enter park to inspect, maintain, and repair amenities they have provided, and notify the City of any hazardous conditions that exist with the Klondike Park amenities. These items directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Memorandum of Agreement - Klondike Park - Louisville Metro Parks Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government, acting by and through Louisville Parks and Recreation, for Klondike Park located at 3809 Klondike Lane with and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville Free Public Library Rationale The purpose of this agreement is to delineate the operational guidelines between the Louisville Free Public Library (LFPL) and Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) and define the respective roles and responsibilities of each party. This attached agreement will provide students access to their LFPL card numbers so they can check out materials in person or online from the LFPL system. JCPS library media specialists will provide support to students in accessing these numbers. This will start upon acceptance of this agreement.  All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. This item supports Strategy 1.1.5-Improve Student Literacy and 1.1.7-Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments MOA - LOUISVILLE FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Louisville Free Public Library and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract with Louisville Gas & Electric for Electric Vehicle Charging Station at C.B. Young Service Center Rationale This contract with Louisville Gas and Electric Company outlines the terms for the installation and maintenance of electric vehicle charging stations at  C.B. Young Service Center. This agreement supports the District's transition to a more sustainable transportation infrastructure. This work directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments AGREEMENT - LG&E Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached contract for an electric vehicle charging station and service at C.B. Young Service Center and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreement with NextGrad Rationale NextGrad places digital screens and vinyl posters inside high schools, at no cost, that allow colleges and universities to connect with high school students and share information to help them on their path toward higher education. Under the Partnership Agreement, NextGrad will provide the following schools with one digital kiosk: Atherton High School Ballard High School Central High School Magnet Career Academy DuPont Manual High School Eastern High School J. Graham Brown School (high) Louisville Male High School Each school will also receive grant funding of $500 annually to help improve student college access through a scholarship, college application fee waivers, or costs associated with the school's participation in College Application Week/Month and /or FAFSA completion activities. The District has no obligation beyond May 31, 2027, and the agreement can be terminated at any time without cause. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - NextGrad Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached partnership agreement with NextGrad and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.13.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Pearson Education, Inc (AimsWeb) Rationale This Data Privacy Agreement allows schools to pilot the AimsWeb diagnostic & progress monitoring tools. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 1.1.5 - Improve Student Literacy Submitted by: Dr. Terra Greenwell Attachment Attachments _DPA - PEARSON EDUCATION INC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached amendment to the Data Privacy Agreement with Pearson Education, Inc, and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.14.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Society for The Prevention of Aggressiveness & Violence Among Adolescents (SPAVA) Rationale This agreement outlines a collaboration between the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCPS) and the Society for the Prevention of Aggressiveness and Violence among Adolescents (SPAVA). The work involves SPAVA implementing its program in participating JCPS schools. The program's mission is to foster a nonviolent society by providing mentors and role models to youth. SPAVA aims to develop emotional and social intelligence in students and teach them strategies for peaceful conflict resolution, with the ultimate goal of transforming students into "ambassadors of nonviolence, peace, and hope." With the approved Memorandum of Agreement, any JCPS Family Resource and Youth Services Center/school can implement the SPAVA program in 2025-26. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 1.1.3- Provide Equitable Access. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA-SOCIETY FOR THE PREVENTION OF AGREESSIVENESS AND VIOLENCE (SPAVA) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Society for The Prevention of Aggressiveness & Violence Among Adolescents (SPAVA) and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.15.
                                Acceptance of Funding and Approval of Agreement with the University of Louisville College of Education and Human Development for Teacher-in-Residence Program Rationale The University of Louisville College of Education and Human Development (CEHD) provides funding to support the Professional Development School Collaboration between CEHD and Jefferson County Public Schools pre-service teachers and staff. Funding of $30,000 each will support a Teacher-in-Residence at Atkinson Academy, Cochran, and Portland Elementary Schools, for the 2025-26 school year. The funding covers teacher salary, fringe benefits, and indirect costs. There is no financial obligation for the District Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachments Attachments MOA - University of Louisville - Portland Elementary MOA - University of Louisville -Atkinson Elementary MOA-University of Louisville - Cochran Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding and approve the attached Agreements with the University of Louisville College of Education and Human Development for the Teacher-in-Residence Program and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.16.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement Amendment with Vista Higher Learning: Vista Bridges Rationale Vista Bridges is a supplemental curricular resource for English language development, focusing on advancing the English language for progressing and long-term multilingual learners. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 1.1.3- Provide Equitable Access and Guardrail 4.2 English Language Progress. Submitted by: Dr. Terra Greenwell Attachment Attachments DPA - VISTA HIGHER LEARNING INC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached amendment to the Data Privacy Agreement with Vista Higher Learning and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.17.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Western Kentucky University for Dual Credit Rationale Dual Credit personnel from Western Kentucky University have worked with the principals, administrators, and teachers at various JCPS high schools to identify teachers with the necessary credentials to offer dual credit for students scheduled in those courses. Participating high schools will provide written notification of the courses they plan to offer prior to each semester and/or academic year. The terms of this partnership agreement follow the National Alliance of Concurrent Enrollment Partnerships (NACEP) standards of practice. This agreement also follows the SACS OCS accreditation standards for credentialing adjunct faculty. This agreement complies with the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarship Programs and includes negotiated points outlined in the Postsecondary Partner Institution (PPI) agreement with the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA), which manages the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarships. This college provides appropriate dual credit courses to all JCPS high school students and high schools participating in dual credit. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - WESTERN KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Western Kentucky University for dual credit courses and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.O.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Deed of Conveyance, Bill of Sale, Memorandum of Understanding, and Resolution for the St. Andrews Church Road Widening Project at Doss High School and Trunnell Elementary School Rationale This easement will allow the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet to widen St. Andrews Church Road to three lanes from the Doss High School entrance to Palatka Road. Fair Market Value in the amount of $40,300 will be given for the temporary and permanent easements. A Bill of Sale in the amount of $20,000 has also been prepared for the purchase of the illuminated LED sign located in the proposed right of way at Trunnell Elementary School. The disposal of approximately 1.215 acres of road frontage at Doss High School and Trunnell Elementary School will not affect the integrity or usefulness of property crucial to the educational needs of the District. The project directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Attachments Attachments Deed of Conveyance Exhibit A for Deed of Conevyance JCPS _ KY Department of Transportation - Bill of Sale (2025)(101843986.4) MOU - Ky Transportation Cabinet Resolutions Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Deed of Conveyance, Bill of Sale, Memorandum of Understanding, and Resolution between the Commonwealth of Kentucky, for the use and benefit of the Transportation Cabinet, Department of Highways, and the Jefferson County School District Finance Corporation for the St. Andrews Church Road Widening Project at Doss High School and Trunnell Elementary School and authorize the Superintendent to sign same. XI.P.
                                Recommendation for Approval of New Fidelity Bond for Fiscal Year 2025-26 Rationale Kentucky Revised Statute 160.560 requires that all Kentucky treasurers be bonded to ensure faithful performance of their duties for their districts. After consultation with the Kentucky Department of Education and considering appropriate levels of protection of Jefferson County taxpayer funds, this amount is set at $2,000,000 for the Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers based on the 2024-25 budget and other factors. This agenda item supports Vision 2020 strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Bond of Treasurer Form - Jessica Burton 2025-26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Fidelity Bond for a new Assistant Treasurer for fiscal year 2025-26. XI.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval of 2025-26 Schoolwide Fundraising Activities Rationale A list of Schoolwide fundraising activities for the 2025-26 school year is attached. All activities must follow the current JCPS health and safety guidelines. All activities must follow the current KDE and JCPS Accounting/Redbook policies and guidelines including all documentation requirements. Fundraising activities may only be approved by the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCBE) and principals. Schoolwide fundraisers are defined as “organized activities of soliciting and collecting money for the benefit of ALL students of a school.”  All schoolwide fundraisers that involve students with sales and collections where the entire student body benefits, must be approved by the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCBE). This includes school, PTA, PTSA, Booster, or Alumni fundraisers. It does not include service project fundraisers such as Jump Rope for Hearts or canned good drives, or any activity that funds a specific student organization or general activity, such as athletics. Where possible, similar events across multiple schools have been combined to promote administrative efficiency in accordance with the Redbook. Approved activities are for all schools unless noted otherwise. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments 2025-2026 Schoolwide Fundraisers (Responses) - Board Agenda Item 7.29.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached schoolwide fundraising activities for the 2025-26 school year. XI.R.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Use of the Kentucky Department of Education Course Code 909999 by Schools Rationale Per 704 KAR 3:540, local school districts and schools shall use uniform academic course codes, listed and described in the Academic Course Code List, to classify all courses offered in each school when reporting to the Kentucky Department of Education (KDE). Additionally, local school boards must approve any course linked to KDE code 909999-school defined course. Attached is a list of these courses and course notes for JCPS. Several of these courses are linked to specialized magnet programming at a particular school. Several others are holding courses to “save a place” in a student’s schedule for performance-based learning opportunities (courses that are funded based on standard completion as opposed to completion of time-based courses). Per KDE processes, all students must have a complete schedule for calculation of attendance and funding. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments 909999 Courses 7.29.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the use of the Kentucky Department of Education state code 909999 (school-defined course) for select JCPS Course Codes. XI.S.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Policies (Waive Second Reading) and Review of Administrative Procedures Rationale Each year, the Kentucky School Boards Association (KSBA) provides local boards of education with a Board Policy Update, which includes recommended amendments to board policies based on changes during the preceding year to state and federal statutes and administrative regulations. The attached document shows proposed amendments to Board policies from the 2025 Annual KSBA Board Policy Update, incorporating suggested language from the Board Policy Committee, District staff, and the General Counsel.  Proposed new language is underlined, and proposed deletions are shown using strikethroughs. JCPS recommended changes are highlighted. Second reading is being waived because KRS 160.340 requires board policies be kept up to date with annual amendments by August 15 and this is the last Board meeting prior to that statutory deadline. The Board Policy Committee reviewed these policies and administrative procedures during its meeting on July 14, 2025, which were recommended for approval and review by the Board. 2025 KSBA Board Policy and Administrative Procedure Update 01.11                           General Powers and Duties of the Board 02.4241                       School Council Policies (SBDM) 03.1161                       Coaches and Assistant Coaches 03.2141                       Nonteaching Coaches and Assistant Coaches 03.18                           Evaluation 03.19                           Staff Meetings and Professional Development (Certified) 03.19 AP.1                   Professional Development 08.1                             Curriculum 08.1122                       Advanced Coursework 08.113                         Graduation Requirements 08.1131                       Alternative Credit Options 08.11311                     Early Graduation Program 08.1351                       Pledge of Allegiance & Moment of Silence or Reflection 08.13531                     Human Sexuality 08.22                           Promotion and Retention 08.232                         Instructional Materials 08.2323                       Access to Electronic Media (Acceptable/Responsible Use Policy) 08.2323 AP.1              Access to Electronic Media 08.2324                       Traceable Communications 08.2324 AP.2              Consent for Outside Traceable Communications 09.1222                       Nonresident Students 09.1224                       Online, Virtual, and Remote Learning 09.1224 AP.1              Online, Virtual, and Remote Learning 09.2                             Student Welfare and Wellness 09.2241                       Student Medication 09.2241 AP.1              Student Medication Guidelines 09.2241 AP.21             Permission Form for Prescribed or Over-the- Counter Drugs 09.224 AP.1                 Emergency Medical Care Procedures 09.224 AP. 21              Nurse Office Consent for Treatment/Emergency Information 09.313                         Eligibility (Athletics) 09.421                         Care of School and Personal Property 09.4221                       Sexual Extortion 09.4294                       Driver’s License Revocation 09.122                         Nonresident Students 08.1351                       Pledge of Allegiance and Moment of Silence and Reflection 08.1351 AP.1              Notice of Moment of Silence and Reflection Submitted by Kevin Brown Attachment Attachments KSBA Policy Update #2 7-29-2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education waive the second reading and approve the attached Board policies and review the attached administrative procedures. XI.T.
                                Recommendation for Approval to Rename the Indian Trail Elementary School Gymnasium to the Joseph A. Wood Gymnasium Rationale The recommendation to rename the gymnasium at Indian Trail Elementary School as the Joseph A. Wood Gymnasium is supported by letters from the school's Assistant Principal, two faculty members, the Zone 2 School Support Administrator, the President of the Parent-Teacher Association, a current parent, and a current teacher, all advocating for this renaming to honor Principal Joseph A. Wood. The school's Internal Leadership Team was surveyed, and the responses demonstrated overwhelming support for the proposed renaming. Under Mr. Wood's leadership, Indian Trail Elementary School underwent the construction of a new facility, which opened in the fall of 2022. Throughout the process, Mr. Wood provided steadfast leadership, ensuring that the gymnasium would serve as a central space for student growth, community engagement, and continued learning. In accordance with Board Policy 05.11 – School Property: Naming Facilities and Alterations, and the associated procedures, the recommendation to rename the gymnasium is appropriate and in alignment with policy guidelines. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Renaming Gym at Indian Trail Elementary- 7-29-2025 Board Approval Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Jefferson County Board of Education approve renaming the gymnasium at Indian Trail Elementary School as the Joseph A. Wood Gymnasium. XII.
                                Board Planning Calendar Rationale Board members may review and offer suggestions for future Board meeting agendas during the Board Planning Calendar portion of regular Board meetings. A list of selected Board of Education discussion agenda items has been compiled for use by the Board and administrative staff. The list includes activities for action and discussion. It is anticipated that staff will use this list to avoid scheduling conflicts, improve coordination and support of activities, enhance planning, and increase awareness of upcoming board meeting activities. Attachment Attachments Planning Calendar Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. Actions Taken Order #2025-138 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. XIII.
                                Committee Reports Rationale Meeting dates and times can be accessed on the JCPS Calendar of Events . Meeting materials and Minutes from previous meetings can be accessed here . XIV.
                                Board Reports Rationale Each meeting shall contain an opportunity for Board members to report on noteworthy events pertaining to the work of schools and the District. XV.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) XVI.
                                Executive Session (If Necessary) XVII.
                                Action Item (If Necessary) XVIII.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2025-139 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the July 29, 2025, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 8:40 p.m. passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass.