KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County July 29, 2025 5:45 PM Finance Corporation Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Call to Order Rationale This meeting of the Board of Directors of the Jefferson County School District Finance Corporation is called to order on Tuesday, July 29, 2025, at the VanHoose Education Center, 3332 Newburg Road, Louisville, Kentucky 40218 at 5:45 p.m. This meeting will be conducted via video-teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video-teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live-stream. Attachments Agenda 07 29 25 Call to Order Meeting Notice II.
                                Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting of Board of Directors Rationale Attachments 5 13 25 JCSDFC Minutes Recommended Motion Vice-President Corrie Shull recommends that the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors, which was held on May 13, 2025, as presented, be and hereby are ratified and approved, and shall be entered into the minute book of the Corporation. Actions Taken Order #2025-122 - Motion Passed: Vice-President Corrie Shull recommends that the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors, which was held on May 13, 2025, as presented, be and hereby are ratified and approved, and shall be entered into the minute book of the Corporation. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. III.
                                Elections Rationale Vice-President Corrie Shull recommends that the following person(s) be elected to serve in the office(s) of the Corporation described below, effective immediately and until their successors are elected and have qualified: President:  Dr. Brian Yearwood This action is necessary for the orderly operation of the Corporation. Attachments Elections 07 29 25 Recommended Motion Vice-President Corrie Shull recommends the following person(s) be elected to serve in the offices of the Corporation described below, effective immediately and until their successors are elected and have qualified: President Dr. Brian Yearwood. Actions Taken Order #2025-123 - Motion Passed: Vice-President Corrie Shull recommends the following person(s) be elected to serve in the offices of the Corporation described below, effective immediately and until their successors are elected and have qualified: President Dr. Brian Yearwood. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. IV.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Deed of Conveyance, Bill of Sale, Memorandum of Understanding, and Resolution for the St. Andrews Church Road Widening Project at Doss High School and Trunnell Elementary School Rationale This easement will allow the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet to widen St. Andrews Church Road to three lanes from the Doss High School entrance to Palatka Road. Fair Market Value in the amount of $40,300 will be given for the temporary and permanent easements. A Bill of Sale in the amount of $20,000 has also been prepared for the purchase of the illuminated LED sign located in the proposed right of way at Trunnell Elementary School. The disposal of approximately 1.215 acres of road frontage at Doss High School and Trunnell Elementary School will not affect the integrity or usefulness of property crucial to the educational needs of the District. The project directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Attachments Attachments Deed of Conveyance Exhibit A for Deed of Conevyance JCPS _ KY Department of Transportation - Bill of Sale (2025)(101843986.4) MOU - Ky Transportation Cabinet Resolutions Recommended Motion President Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Directors approve the attached Deed of Conveyance, Bill of Sale, Memorandum of Understanding, and Resolution between the Commonwealth of Kentucky, for the use and benefit of the Transportation Cabinet, Department of Highways, and the Jefferson County School District Finance Corporation for the St. Andrews Church Road Widening Project at Doss High School and Trunnell Elementary School and authorize the President to sign same. Actions Taken Order #2025-124 - Motion Passed: President Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Directors approve the attached Deed of Conveyance, Bill of Sale, Memorandum of Understanding, and Resolution between the Commonwealth of Kentucky, for the use and benefit of the Transportation Cabinet, Department of Highways, and the Jefferson County School District Finance Corporation for the St. Andrews Church Road Widening Project at Doss High School and Trunnell Elementary School and authorize the President to sign same. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. V.
                                Adjournment Rationale Actions Taken Order #2025-125 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn at 5:50 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett.