KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County April 21, 2026 6:00 PM Regular Business Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Moment of Silence Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. II.
                                The Pledge of Allegiance II.A.
                                Vision Statement Rationale All Jefferson County Public School students graduate prepared, empowered, and inspired to reach their full potential and contribute as thoughtful, responsible citizens of our diverse, shared world. III.
                                Recognitions and Resolutions Actions Taken Order #2026-58 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the recognitions for April 21, 2026. The recommendation passed with a motion by Ms. Gail Logan Strange and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. III.A.
                                Recognition of Norton Commons and Stopher Elementary Schools on Being Named Scholastic State Team Champions by the Kentucky Chess Association Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools celebrated a strong showing at the Kentucky Chess Association’s Scholastic State Team Championships. Students demonstrated strategy, perseverance, and remarkable critical thinking on the board—and the results speak for themselves. Norton Commons Elementary School captured the K–1 division championship title. Stopher Elementary School claimed the K–3 division championship title. These championships reflect not only individual talent, but teamwork, preparation, and the steady guidance of dedicated coaches and supportive families. Congratulations also to the following teams who performed in the top five of their divisions: Lowe Elementary (tied for fifth place, K–3 division) Norton Commons Elementary (tied for third place, K–3 division; tied for second place, K–5 division) Crosby Middle (tied for third place, K–8 division) Echo Trail Middle (tied for third place, K–8 division) Stuart Middle (tied for third place, K–8 division) Valley High (tied for second place, K–12 division) Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Norton Commons and Stopher Elementary Schools for being named Scholastic State Team Champions by the Kentucky Chess Association. III.B.
                                Recognition of Robin Walker on Being Elected to Serve as SHAPE America President Rationale Robin Walker, health and P.E. teacher at Hazelwood Elementary School, has stepped into the national spotlight as President of SHAPE America, the leading organization for health and physical education professionals across the United States. With nearly three decades of experience in education, Ms. Walker began her presidential term in March 2026 and now leads a national organization dedicated to advancing quality health and physical education for all students. She is the first K-12 teacher to serve as national president, she said, as the job typically is held by a representative from higher education. As SHAPE America president, Ms. Walker will work closely with the organization’s leadership and board to advance its strategic plan. That includes advocating for health and P.E. nationwide, navigating funding challenges and ensuring the organization remains the leading voice in the profession. Her leadership reflects not only her personal commitment to lifelong wellness and student empowerment, but also the strength and excellence of health and P.E. programs across Jefferson County Public Schools. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Robin Walker for being elected to serve as SHAPE America president. III.C.
                                Recognition of Valley High School Chess Team for Winning the US Chess National High School Championship (Under 800 Division) Rationale The Valley High School Chess Team has done it again. They captured first place at the US Chess National High School Championship (Under 800 Division)—marking their fourth national title. The Valley chess team has set a standard of excellence for chess across the state with a long record of consistency and victories against their opponents. Chess challenges students to think several moves ahead, remain composed under pressure, and solve complex problems in real time. Their success at the national level demonstrates the team’s depth of talent and commitment to excellence. Congratulations also to: Valley’s Under 1600 division team, which finished 5th in the nation out of 47 teams and 323 players. This is the highest finish at this level for any Kentucky high school team. Stuart Middle School’s chess team, which finished 8th in the nation in the high school Under 800 division. This was the highest finish for any middle school team in the entire section, which had 43 teams. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize the Valley High School Chess Team for winning the US Chess National High School Championship (Under 800 Division). III.D.
                                Recognition of Pleasure Ridge Park High School Student Khilah Thruston on Earning the First College Scholarship Offer in PRP Flag Football Program History Rationale Congratulations to Khilah Thruston, a standout student-athlete from Pleasure Ridge Park High School, who has been offered a flag football scholarship from Jackson State College in Tennessee. Khilah is making history as the first student in PRP’s flag football program to earn a college scholarship offer—a milestone achievement not only for her personally, but for the entire school community. Flag football continues to grow rapidly at both the high school and collegiate levels, and Khilah’s scholarship represents what is possible when talent meets hard work and perseverance. The district is proud of Khilah for blazing a trail for future PRP student-athletes and for representing her school and JCPS with excellence. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize JCPS student Khilah Thruston on earning the first college scholarship offer in Pleasure Ridge Park High School Flag Football program history. III.E.
                                Recognition of Greathouse/Shryock Traditional Elementary School for Being a District Leader in Social-Emotional Learning Rationale Greathouse/Shryock Traditional Elementary has emerged as a true district leader in Social-Emotional Learning. At Greathouse, SEL isn't just a program—it is the heartbeat of their school culture, intentionally woven into the very fabric of the school day. This commitment starts with their master schedule, which carves out dedicated time every morning for classrooms to meet, build community, and establish the emotional safety students need to take academic risks. They have further revolutionized student agency through a PBIS app that allows students to advocate for their own needs before a crisis occurs. This proactive approach empowers students to identify when they need a “preferred adult,” fostering independence and self-awareness while keeping instruction moving forward without interruption. Their dedication to growth is visible at every level: from sending 10 staff members to national CharacterStrong training in Washington to their innovative “Power of Moments” squad, which ensures the adults in the building are just as cared for as the students. This culture of care extends to their “Wellness Wednesday” initiatives, where staff engage with meaningful wellness reflections and receive recognition for prioritizing their own mental health. By completing advanced Trauma-Informed Care training for ML and LGBTQ+ populations with the Social Emotional and Learning Department and applying for the Rainbow Ribbon School award, Greathouse has proven that “belonging” is a verb. Through systematic Tier 2 screenings and responsive small-group interventions, they aren't just identifying needs—they are changing student trajectories. Congratulations, Greathouse/Shryock, for being a district model of responsive, compassionate, and proactive care. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Greathouse/Shryock Traditional Elementary School as a District leader in social-emotional learning. III.F.
                                Recognition of National Library Week April 19-25, 2026 Rationale National Library Week is being observed this week, April 19–25, 2026 to recognize the work of librarians who connect Jefferson County Public Schools students with knowledge, technology, and resources while fostering literacy, civic engagement, critical thinking, and cultural enrichment. Librarians provide equitable access to books, digital tools, and innovative programming, ensuring that all students have the support they need to learn, connect, and thrive. JCPS joins the Library Media Services Department in formally recognizing and thanking the District’s school librarians for nurturing young minds and fostering a love of learning that lasts a lifetime. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize JCPS librarians in honor of National Library Week. III.G.
                                Recognition of Julia Keeney and Rylan Cole for Winning an International Debate Tournament in Chengdu, China Rationale Two exceptional students from Atherton High School represented Louisville on an international stage—and returned home as champions. In November, juniors Julia Keeney and Rylan Cole won an international debate tournament in Chengdu, China, hosted through the sister-city partnership program organized by the Chinese government. Each year, multiple Chinese cities invite one debate team from their U.S. sister cities to compete. This year, that invitation was extended to Louisville—and Atherton answered the call. Julia and Rylan traveled to China alongside their coach, Rachael Castillo, to compete in a two-day tournament against top teams from both the United States and China. Debating the complex topic of artificial intelligence, their thoughtful analysis, poise under pressure, and ability to engage in cross-cultural dialogue led them all the way to the final round, where they faced a talented team from China—and emerged as international champions. In addition to the team title, Julia Keeney was named Best Speaker of the Tournament. Beyond competition, the experience embodied the true spirit of global learning. The students toured schools, visited museums, explored Sichuan Province, engaged with local media, and formed meaningful bonds with peers from across the world. Congratulations to these international champions Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize Julia Keeney and Rylan Cole for winning an international debate tournament. III.H.
                                Recognition of a JCPS School Bus Driver and Bus Monitor Who Went Above and Beyond to Celebrate a Student’s Success Rationale A dedicated bus driver and bus monitor serving Western Day Treatment students recently displayed extraordinary care and commitment by going above and beyond to celebrate a student’s success. When a student successfully met his therapeutic goals and was approved to return to his comprehensive school, Miyakayla Thomas and Jadyn Jones chose to make the milestone unforgettable. Arriving early before dismissal, they organized a surprise celebration in the parking lot—complete with pizza, gifts, and even a piñata—so the student could be honored alongside his peers who ride the same ECE bus. Their thoughtful gesture turned a moment of transition into a moment of triumph. This act of kindness reflects the very best of our District: building relationships, celebrating growth, and ensuring every child feels seen, valued, and supported. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize JCPS School Bus Driver Miyakayla Thomas and Bus Monitor Jadyn Jones for their extraordinary care and commitment to students. IV.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 4 21 26 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2026-59 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 3 31 26 Minutes.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the March 31, 2026, Business Meeting. Actions Taken Order #2026-60 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the March 31, 2026, Business Meeting. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VI.
                                Superintendent's Report VII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . VIII.
                                Action Items IX.
                                Information Items IX.A.
                                Discussion of Tentative Budget for Fiscal Year 2026-2027 (with ARMAC Update) Rationale Tom Aberli will provide contextualized information relative to the creation of the Tentative Budget for Fiscal Year 2026-2027. The Tentative Budget will be submitted for Board approval at the May meeting per KRS 160.470 and JCPS Policy 04.1 Budget Planning and Adoption. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments 2026 April Finance Board Presenation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached budget highlights as Finance creates the Tentative Budget. Actions Taken Order #2026-61 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached budget highlights as Finance creates the Tentative Budget. The recommendation passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. James Craig. IX.B.
                                Budget Development Process and Central Office Structure and Makeup Rationale As the budget reduction and reorganization are being implemented, we would like to provide an update to the Board on Central Office and the budget process. We will share the composition of the central office, salary benchmarking, and comparative district organizational structures. Additionally, you will see how our district budget operates and how it is developed. Submitted by: Dr. Katy Deferrari Attachments Board Pres 4.21.26 Budget Development Process and Central Office Structure and Makeup.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive information regarding the budget development process and Central Office structure and makeup. Actions Taken Order #2026-62 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive information regarding the budget development process and Central Office structure and makeup. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. X.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2026-63 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Consent Calendar, excluding items: 
X.N.2. Acceptance of Donation from Northeast Christian Church of Jefferson County for New Auditorium seating at Barret Traditional Middle School;    
X.O.7. Recommendation for Approval of Amended Memorandum of Agreement with JROTC;   
X.X. Recommendation for Approval of Notice of Reduction in Force;
and Bid IDs 3171 and 3170 under consent item X.I. Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments;
 passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. James Craig. Order #2026-64 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the consent item: 
X.N.2. Acceptance of Donation from Northeast Christian Church of Jefferson County for New Auditorium seating at Barret Traditional Middle School;
 passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. Order #2026-65 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the consent item:    
X.O.7. Recommendation for Approval of Amended Memorandum of Agreement with JROTC;   

 passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. James Craig. Order #2026-66 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the consent item: 
X.X. Recommendation for Approval of Notice of Reduction in Force;
 passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mr. James Craig. Order #2026-67 - Motion Failed: A motion to approve BID ID 3173 (Competitive Negotiation for a Strategic Plan Development Consultant) located under consent item X.I. failed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. Order #2026-68 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve BID ID 3170 (Competitive Negotiation for High-Quality Digital Instructional Resources for Students in K-12 Math and ELA/Literacy), located under consent item X.I. passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. X.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2026-04-21 Recommended Motion Superintendent Dr. H Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. X.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2026-04-21 Recommended Motion Superintendent Dr. H Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. X.C.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on April 21, 2026. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments APPROVED BY THE SUPERINTENDENT 04-21-2026 FIELD TRIPS 04-21-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. X.D.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bids and Revised BG-1 Forms X.D.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Alex R. Kennedy Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 92 squares of roof in Sections 3, 4, and 5. On March 10, 2026, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-305. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on March 31, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Alex Kennedy ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Alex R. Kennedy Elementary School for the low base bid of $256,779; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $292,500. X.D.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Secure Vestibule at Fern Creek Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of creating a secure entry vestibule at the front entrance. On September 16, 2025, the Board of Education approved Potter Architect to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-086. On March 10, 2026, the Board of Education approved reassigning the architect/engineer to LMH Architecture, PLLC to oversee the remainder of the project as Potter Architects retired and ceased operations. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on March 31, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Fern Creek ES - Secure Vestibule Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Prodigy Construction Corporation, Inc. for Secure Vestibule at Fern Creek Elementary School for the low base bid of $100,077; accept Alternate 1 for a total bid of $100,077; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $120,000. X.D.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Food Service Phase 44 at Various Schools Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools Food Service Phase 44 scope includes upgrading equipment and fixtures to meet plumbing, MSD, Building, Fire, and Health codes.  Depreciated equipment or equipment no longer in use will be replaced/removed and the upgraded kitchen design will assist with efficiency and accessibility of equipment used to prepare over 90,000 meals each day. The list of schools is attached. On November 18, 2025, the Board of Education approved BCCLT, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-124. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on March 30, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Food Service Phase 44 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Walker Mechanical Contractors, Inc. for Food Service Phase 44 at Various Schools for the low base bid of $64,400; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $272,000. X.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid for Paving Package at Various Schools Rationale This project will consist of the repair and/or replacement of asphalt driveways and walkways at various schools. The schools include Auburndale Elementary School, Audubon Elementary School, Barret Traditional Middle School, Dixie Elementary School, Eastern High School, Fern Creek Elementary School, Iroquois High School, Johnsontown Road Elementary School, Male High School, Marion C. Moore School, Newcomer Academy, Olmsted Academy South, and Wilt Elementary School. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on March 26, 2026. The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Approval of Bid Various Schools - Paving Package Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Hall Contracting of Kentucky, Inc. for the low bid of $72,700, and to Libs Paving Company, Inc. for the low bid of $18,801, and to Riverside Paving & Contracting Co., Inc. for the low bid of $843,200, for a total bid of $934,701 for Paving Package at Various Schools. X.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown High School Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-012. On February 25, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Jeffersontown HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown High School for a total construction cost of $1,003,682. X.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Trunnell Elementary School Rationale On February 10, 2026, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for American Roofing & Metal Co. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Trunnell ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Partial Roof Replacement at Trunnell Elementary School. X.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 4-21-26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. X.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. In addition, there is a tie bid on Bid ID #8533 - Locks & Miscellaneous Hardware. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments Attachments *Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendment_04 21 26 REVISED 2 3169 Competitive Negotiation for Executive Search and Executive Coaching Services 3176 Competitive Negotiation for Financial Budget Forecasting Model and Revenue Modeling Support Amendment on Automotive_Bus Repair Parts & Services (Line Item) C/N for High Quality Digital Instructional Resources for Students in K12 Math and ELA_Literacy Flashlights, Batteries, Etc. Locks & Miscellaneous Hardware Packaging for Rigid Pack Machine (Manufacturers Only) Safety Supplies & Equipment (%) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiations, bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendment. X.J.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 04.21.26 01 - U'Sellis Mayer & Associates (FY26-27) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. X.K.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025 and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $20,000. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 04.21.2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. X.L.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer X.L.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 03.09.26 - 03.29.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of March 8, 2026, through March 29, 2026. X.L.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 03.09.26 - 03.29.26 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 03.09.26 - 03.29.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of March 8, 2026, through March 29, 2026. X.L.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 03.09.26 - 03.29.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of March 8, 2026, through March 29, 2026. X.M.
                                Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Period Ended February 28, 2026 Rationale This report is provided to the Board per KRS 160.560 and Board Policy 04.31 Fiscal Accounting and Reporting . Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments Attachments Board Financials_02.26 Notes of Interest_FEBRUARY 2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Monthly Financial Report for the period ending February 28, 2026. X.N.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding X.N.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision-Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards of less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Marco Muñoz Attachment Attachments Donation and Small Grant Report April 21 2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $150,497.21 to be used as stated in the attachment. X.N.2.
                                Acceptance of Donation from Northeast Christian Church of Jefferson County for New Auditorium seating at Barret Traditional Middle School Rationale Northeast Christian Church of Jefferson County, Inc. plans to donate and install new auditorium seating for Barret Traditional Middle School. The estimated value of the donation is up to $200,000. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA -  Northeast Christian Church - Blue Stamp 4-1-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept the donation from Northeast Christian Church of Jefferson County, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.N.3.
                                Acceptance of Offer of Assistance from the Kentucky School Facilities Construction Commission Education Technology Funding Program Rationale The Jefferson County Board of Education has accepted offers of assistance from The Kentucky School Facilities Construction Commission (SFCC) Education Technology Funding Program since the 1993 school year. Funding is based on the statewide ADA figures. The second offer of assistance for fiscal year 2026 is $744,180. Accepted state technology fund offers of assistance will be matche equally by the District. The funding provides for continuing the program of progress toward meeting the District's needs in technology education and directly supports our efforts to provide equitable access. Submitted by: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments Acceptance Letter - KDE - School Facilities Construction- For all JCPS Schools Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept the second offer of assistance from the Kentucky School Facilities Construction Commission in the amount of $744,180 and provide matching funds to the Education Technology Funding Program's restricted account and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.N.4.
                                Acceptance of Subgrant and Approval of Agreement with Catholic Charities of Louisville, Kentucky Office for Refugees Rationale The Kentucky Office of Refugees (KOR) within Catholic Charities provides funding to the Office for Multilingual Learners to provide summer programming for eligible refugee students. The grant also supports the Office of Multilingual Learners with a Resettlement Specialist. In partnership with local resettlement agencies, the District will implement a summer program for eligible refugee students. Grant funds will pay teacher leads, teachers, and bilingual associate instructors to provide instruction for the summer program. The grant will also cover transportation costs. This project aligns with Guardrail 4, equitable resourcing, specifically 4.2 English Language Development. The period of performance is July 1, 2026 through June 30, 2027. Submitted by: Dr. Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments Subaward Agreement Catholic Charities - Kentucky Office for Refugees Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept a subgrant of $314,015 and approve the attached agreement with Catholic Charities of Louisville, Kentucky Office for Refugees and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.N.5.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Laura Bush Foundation for America’s Libraries Rationale The Laura Bush Foundation for America’s Libraries has awarded $5,000 each to Kenwood Elementary, Minors Lane Elementary, and Newcomer Academy to purchase library books. No match is required. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Grant - George W.  Bush Foundation - Minors Lane Elementary School Grant - George W. Bush Foundation - Newcomer Academy Grant - George W. Bush Foundation -Kenwood Elementary School Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept three grants totaling $15,000 from the Laura Bush Foundation for America’s Libraries and authorize the superintendent to sign the attached agreements. X.O.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements X.O.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Canva USA Inc. Rationale This Data Privacy Agreement details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this Agreement and will terminate when the services terminate. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached Agreement. Canva USA Inc. will provide software licenses and support for the Canva for Education Saas Platform, enabling teachers and students to design online content. This work supports Vision 2020 strategies 3.1.2 Improve instructional infrastructure, 1.1.2 Personalize Learning, and 1.1.5 Improve student literacy. Submitted by: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments DPA - CANVA USA INC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Canva USA Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.O.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to Agreement with Cellco Partnership dba Verizon Wireless Rationale This agreement is a second amendment to a communications facility space license that allows Cellco Partnership, dba Verizon Wireless, to modify its equipment on an existing 104-foot tower located at Louisville Male High School. On July 25, 2023, the Board of Education approved the original Agreement  with a First Amendment later approved on January 23, 2024. Approval of this Amendment will bring additional revenue to Jefferson County Public Schools  and help fund educational programs. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Agreement - Cellco Partnership dba Verizon Wireless Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to Communications Facility Space License Agreement with Cellco Partnership dba Verizon Wireless and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.O.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of  Amendment to the Partner Agreement with Jefferson Community Technical College (JCTC) Rationale This program provides Multilingual Learners with information about post-secondary school opportunities.  Students will be exposed to various presenters, including current and retired JCPS staff, who will share information about college and careers. Staff will provide a caring and inclusive environment to support students in their long-term goals.  The agreement allows Jefferson Community Technical College (JCTC) staff to support the program and use Title funds to pay for transportation to the program. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments JCPS JCTC Next Step Orientation Services  Agreement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached amendment to the Partner Agreement with Jefferson Community Technical College and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.O.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Vector Solutions Rationale This Data Privacy Agreement adds continuing services with Vector Solutions to provide a learning management system and professional development credit tracking interface. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 3.1.1- Improve physical infrastructure Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments _DPA Vector Solutions Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Vector Solutions and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.O.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Commercial Listing Contract Extension for the Property Disposal – Disposition (Sale) of Waller-Williams @ Riverport Rationale A Commercial Listing Contract was prepared and approved in consideration of the listing for sale of the real property located at 7401 Riverport Drive between Duncan Commercial Real Estate, LLC and the Board of Education Jefferson County, Kentucky for an initial period of 180 days at the September 16, 2025, Board Meeting. This extension is through July 31, 2026, and agrees to pay broker a fee of six percent of the gross sale price upon the sale of the property at closing. There is a current Letter of Intent on the property for a sales price of $945,250. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Agreement - Duncan Commercial Real Estates Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Commercial Listing Contract Extension with Duncan Commercial Real Estate, LLC for the Property Disposal – Disposition (Sale) of Waller-Williams @ Riverport located at 7401 Riverport Road and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.O.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Volunteers of America Mid-States Rationale This MOA with Volunteers of America Mid-States Restorative Justice (VOA RJ), funded by JCPS Title IV Safe and Healthy Schools funds, will provide VOA RJ services in JCPS schools to families. This MOA will continue to allow the District to collaborate with a community partner to provide targeted social services with rolling case management to support families and students. Through this MOA, JCPS will be able to serve families at JCPS schools by allowing VOA RJ to accept referrals of identified students with extreme behavioral and environmental challenges. VOA RJ will implement restorative justice practices to address the contributing factors and impacts of the student's behavior, while engaging the family and school personnel to develop a partnership and provide case management to coordinate services and support to promote future success. VOA RJ also contracts with certified interpreters specially trained for case management oral interpretation to help support families and ensure culturally and linguistically responsive coordinated care. This is a separate MOA from the one approved in July 2025 for the Project Prevent federal grant work. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy, Strategy 1.1.7: Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - Volunteers of American Mid-States Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Volunteers of America Midstates and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.O.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amended Memorandum of Agreement with JROTC Rationale The purpose of this agreement is to continue the implementation of Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) programs in District schools, with the goal of providing leadership training, discipline, and career readiness opportunities for all students, while ensuring that these programs are accessible and equitable across racial and ethnic groups. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Amendment - JROTC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amended Memorandum of Agreement with Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.O.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with C.H.O.I.C.E., Inc. and Metro Police Department Rationale This Memorandum of Agreement establishes a collaborative partnership between C.H.0.1.C.E., Inc. (Children Have Options In Choosing Experiences), Louisville Metro Police Department - Police Activities League (LMPD PAL), and JCPS Police to implement Project B.L.U.E. (Building Leadership, Unity, and Engagement). Project B.L.U.E. is a trauma-informed, prevention-focused initiative designed to strengthen positive relationships between youth and law enforcement, build leadership and social-emotional skills among young people, and reduce youth violence through mentorship, education, and community engagement. Submitted by Todd Kessinger Attachment Attachments MOA _C.H.O.I.C.E. _LMPD _Project B.L.U.E. Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with C.H.O.I.C.E., Inc. and the Louisville Metro Police Department for Project B.L.U.E. and authorize the superintendent sign the same. X.O.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the Bates Community Development Corporation (BATES CDC) Rationale JCPS and the Bates Community Development Corporation (Bates CDC) maintain a collaborative partnership centered on the use of the JCPS Camp Edwards Campus. This agreement establishes a Community Learning Hub designed to provide year-round programming for JCPS students (K-12) and their families. Smoketown was identified as a priority site for this hub due to a high demand for student enrichment and a lack of local resources. Through the Camp Edwards Center, JCPS and Bates CDC work together to serve the Smoketown neighborhood and the broader community. Their shared goal is to improve student outcomes by providing robust out-of-school-time (OST) programming and facilitating partnerships with community organizations that support JCPS families. Submitted by: Dr. John Marshall Attachment Attachments MOU - Bates CDC Learning Hub Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Bates Community Development Corporation (BATES CDC) and authorize the superintendent sign the same. X.P.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the KDE National School Indirect Cost Form and KDE Intent to Participate in the Community Eligibility Program Form Rationale The Kentucky Department of Education requires that the two attached forms be completed and signed in order for JCPS to participate in USDA Child Nutrition Programs during the 2026-2027 school year. The Indirect cost form communicates if the Board will be collecting indirect cost from the School and Community Program. It also identifies if the Board has made adjustments to the indirect cost pool. The Intent to participate in the Community Eligibility Program form identifies if the Board will continue to participate in the Community Eligibility Program for the 2026-2027 School year. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments SCNS CEP Intent 26-27 SCNS Indirect 26-27 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached required forms for the KDE National School Lunch Indirect Cost Form and KDE Intent to Participate in the Community Eligibility Program Form and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Declaration for Emergency Teacher Certification for the 2026-27 School Year Rationale It is the goal of the HR department to ensure that schools are supported with highly qualified teachers. The One-Year Emergency Certification is necessary for teachers who do not hold a Kentucky Teaching Certificate. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the request to apply for Emergency Teacher Certification for the 2026-2027 school year. X.R.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Declaration for One-Year Emergency Substitute Teacher Certification for the 2026-27 School Year Rationale It is the goal of the HR department to ensure that schools are supported by highly qualified teachers. Substitute Teachers provide instructional support in the absence of our permanent teachers. The One-Year Emergency Certification is necessary for Substitutes who do not hold a Kentucky Teaching Certificate. The District may request one-year emergency certificates for substitute teachers who have completed specific curricular requirements. The sub teacher positions will be filled by qualified applicants giving preference to the factors of academic preparation, prior teaching experience or related educational work, and personal attributes compatible with the demands of the teaching profession. The District will obtain a one-year certification for any individual employed under the provision. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the request to apply for Emergency Substitute Teacher Certification for the 2026-2027 school year. X.S.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the JCPS Phase Four Diagnostic Reports Rationale Phase Four of the Comprehensive District Improvement Plan (CDIP) includes the District Professional Development Plan, Lau Plan for English Learners, and Non-Traditional Instruction Continuation of Learning (NTI) Plan. These district-level diagnostics are due May 1 to the Kentucky Department of Education. First, the District Professional Development Plan supports the design and implementation of professional learning aligned to district priorities for the 2026–2027 school year. Second, the Lau Plan for English Learners supports the district’s commitment to ensuring that our multilingual (ML) students learning English can meaningfully participate in the district’s educational programs and services. It outlines the affirmative steps taken by the district to overcome educational barriers that impede equal participation by ML students. Third, the NTI Continuation of Learning Plan establishes structures for maintaining instructional continuity during disruptions to in-person learning to prevent learning loss in accordance with updated state requirements under 701 KAR 7:150. These plans collectively strengthen the district’s ability to provide high-quality instruction, ensure equitable access to learning, and maintain continuity of services. This work directly supports Strategy 1.1.7: Eliminate Achievement, Learning, and Opportunity Gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Marco Muñoz Attachments Attachments English Learners Plan (LAU Plan) NTI Plan Professional Development Plan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached JCPS Professional Development Plan, Lau Plan for English Learners, and Non-Traditional Instruction Continuation of Learning Plan as part of the required Kentucky Department of Education Phase Four Diagnostics. X.T.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Turnaround Plans for Comprehensive Support and Improvement Schools Rationale Beginning in the 2025-26 school year, the Turnaround Plans for schools identified as Comprehensive Support and Improvement (CSI) are subject to review and approval by the local board of education as outlined in KRS 160.346 and 703 KAR 5:280. The plans include evidence-based interventions to be used to increase student performance and address the critical needs identified in the school audit; list of persons involved in turnaround efforts; and resources identified for school improvement. The attachment includes a link to the list of turnaround plans and team forms for the following CSI schools that received their diagnostic review reports: Greenwood Elementary, Fairdale High, Indian Trail Elementary, Rangeland Elementary, Crums Lane Elementary, Blake Elementary, Moore Middle/High, and Knight Middle. The turnaround plans for the remaining CSI schools will be submitted for approval after they receive their diagnostic review reports and complete their plans. This project aligns with Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1.7, Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Marco Muñoz Attachments Attachments 25-26 Crums Lane ES TAP with Addendum 25-26 Greenwood ES TAP with Addendum 25-26 Knight MS CSIP Phase III 25-26 Marion C Moore TAP 25-26 Rangeland ES TAP Blake Elementary School Comprehensive Improvement Plan.docx (1) Blake ES 25-26 Turnaround Team Form Crums Lane ES 25-26 Team Turnaround Form.docx (1) CSI Addendum Blake Elementary 2025-2026.docx Fairdale High School CSIP with Priority Indicators.docx (1) Fairdale HS 25-26 Turnaround Team Form Fairdale HS CSI Addendum.docx Greenwood ES 25-26 Turnaround Team Form.docx Indian Trail Elementary MicroSociety Magnet School CSIP Turnaround Plan.Based on 2026 Diagnostic Review (1) Indian Trail ES 2025 Turnaround Team Form.docx Knight MS 25-26 Turnaround Team Form Moore 25-26 Turnaround Team Form Moore Copy CSI Addendum Rangeland 25-26 Turnaround Team Form Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Turnaround Plans for the Comprehensive Support and Improvement Schools. X.U.
                                Recommendation to Reinstate School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council Authority at Eligible Schools Rationale Dixie Elementary, Foster Traditional Academy, Frayser Elementary,  and Western High Schools were previously identified for Comprehensive Support and Improvement (CSI). As a result, and pursuant to KRS 160.346(8)(b), the authority of their  School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council was transferred to the Superintendent. A school's right to establish a council granted under KRS 160.345 may be restored by the local board of education two (2) years after the school exits CSI status (KRS 160.346(15)). These schools exited CSI status on November 1, 2023; therefore, they are eligible for reinstatement of SBDM authority after November 1, 2025. Submitted by: Dr. John Marshall and Robert Moore Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education reinstate the School-Based Decision Making Council authority at Dixie Elementary, Foster Traditional Academy, Frayser Elementary, and Western High Schools. X.V.
                                Acceptance of Student Support and Behavior Intervention Handbook for the 2026-2027 School Year for First Reading Rationale KRS 158.148 requires a school district to adopt a Code of Acceptable Behavior and Discipline (Code) and establishes a timeline and process for the development and revision of the Code. In accordance with Board Policy 09.438, the District refers to its Code as the Student Support and Behavior Intervention Handbook (SSBIH). In alignment with board policy, we conducted a major revision cycle with the SSBIH Review Committee for the 2025-2026 handbook revisions. We will conduct another major revision cycle with the SSBIH Committee for the 2027-2028 handbook revisions. The changes for 2026-27 reflect legislative updates and alignment with the new District organizational structure. The draft mark-up of the 2026-2027 SSBIH and an overview of changes by page number is attached. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachments Attachments DRAFT Student Support and Behavior Intervention Itemized Changes 2026-2027.pdf DRAFT_SSBIHandbook_26-27.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Student Support and Behavior Intervention Handbook for the 2026-2027 school year for first submission and reading. X.W.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Workers' Compensation Excess Insurance Policy Rationale The Department of Workers’ Claims requires each individually self-insured to carry excess insurance with an indemnity limit of “Statutory” or at least $10,000,000 per occurrence and a retention level of $1,000,000. The policy will provide a specific retention of $1,250,000 with no corridor deductible. The premium is based on payroll but is estimated to be $167,830. This is the second year of a two-year rate guarantee of 0.0148 per $100 of payroll. Midwest Employers Casualty has an “A++XV (Superior).” AM Best rating. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Workers' Compensation Excess Insurance Policy with Midwest Employers Casualty through Assured Partners for a period of one year beginning July 1, 2026, through June 30, 2027. X.X.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Notice of Reduction in Force Rationale The Superintendent hereby provides notice of categories for potential layoff, reduction in force, non-renewal, suspension of employment contracts, reclassification and or demotion of positions, and/or elimination of positions, effective July 1, 2026. Not all staff members in the positions listed will be impacted. These are projections. Notice will be provided to impacted employees no later than May 15, 2026. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachments Potential Impact Board Notice April 21.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education acknowledge receipt of notice of pending actions related to the 2026-2027 District reorganization and/or budgetary changes. X.Y.
                                Recommendation to Adopt the Attached Board Policies (Second Reading) Rationale The Board Policy Committee reviewed these policies during its meeting on March 31, 2026. The policies received their first reading at the March 16, 2026, Policy Committee meeting. Board Policies 03.12331                  Paid Parental Leave (Certified) 03.22331                  Paid Parental Leave (Classified) 09.1223                    Persons Over Compulsory Attendance Age Submitted by Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments Policies for Second Reading & Approval 04-21-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education adopt the attached Board policies. XI.
                                Board Planning Calendar Rationale Board members may review and offer suggestions for future Board meeting agendas during the Board Planning Calendar portion of regular Board meetings. A list of selected Board of Education discussion agenda items has been compiled for use by the Board and administrative staff. The list includes activities for action and discussion. It is anticipated that staff will use this list to avoid scheduling conflicts, improve coordination and support of activities, enhance planning, and increase awareness of upcoming board meeting activities. Attachment Attachments Planning Calendar Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. Actions Taken Order #2026-69 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mr. James Craig. XII.
                                Committee Reports Rationale Meeting dates and times can be accessed on the JCPS Calendar of Events . Meeting materials and Minutes from previous meetings can be accessed here . XIII.
                                Board Reports Rationale Each meeting shall contain an opportunity for Board members to report on noteworthy events pertaining to the work of schools and the District. XIV.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) XV.
                                Executive Session (If Necessary) XVI.
                                Action Item (If Necessary) XVII.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2026-70 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the April 21, 2026, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 9:04 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett.