KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County June 24, 2025 6:00 PM Regular Business Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Moment of Silence Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. II.
                                The Pledge of Allegiance II.A.
                                Vision Statement III.
                                Recognitions and Resolutions Actions Taken Order #2025-110 - Motion Passed: A motion to receive the recognitions passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. III.A.
                                Recognition of the Meyzeek Middle School Quiz Bowl Team for its Third Place Finish in the NAQT National Middle School Quiz Bowl Tournament Rationale Congratulations to Meyzeek Middle School on its third place finish in the NAQT national middle school quiz bowl tournament—believed to be the highest finish ever for a Kentucky middle school team. National Academic Quiz Tournaments, LLC, organizes the premier national quiz bowl championships in North America. Quiz bowl is a game in which two teams compete head-to-head to answer questions from all areas of knowledge, including history, literature, science, fine arts, current events, popular culture, sports, and more. Meyzeek placed third out of 160 teams. Teams qualify by competing at local Quiz Bowl events during the regular academic year and placing among the top teams at a tournament. Meyzeek was also the only middle school to compete at the High School National Championship Tournament this year in May in Atlanta. Congratulations to the following Meyzeek Quiz Bowl Team members: Srihursh Jala Dhiraj Javvadi Zachary Rara Brayden Snyder Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education recognize the Meyzeek Middle School Quiz Bowl Team for its third place finish in the NAQT national middle school quiz bowl tournament. III.B.
                                Recognition of Greathouse/Shryock Traditional Elementary Student Tohan Kumar for Winning First Place in a National Math Competition Rationale Tohan Kumar, who recently completed the fourth grade at Greathouse/Shryock Traditional Elementary, won first place in the national Perennial Math Finals. More than 130 students from across the country participated in the online competition, and he did a tremendous job  representing Greathouse/Shryock and Kentucky on this stage. Perennial Math is a national enrichment program and competition platform that offers math contests for students in grades three to eight. Tohan participated in a regional online tournament earlier in the school year and placed in the top three, which qualified him to compete in the national finals. The event was hosted via WebEx with live scoring, and winners were announced during a Facebook Live ceremony. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education recognize Tohan Kumar for winning first place in a national math competition. III.C.
                                Recognition of Student Winners of the TARC Design-A-Bus Competition Rationale Artwork from 10 JCPS students is now featured on a custom TARC bus wrap after they were named winners of the TARC Design-A-Bus competition. This year, local students were invited to submit artwork focused on the theme, “Cultivating Healthy Neighborhoods.” Students were asked to visit their local park or an outdoor space and think about ways they can improve the health of their community, then submit an illustration reflecting that idea or experience. Team members from both TARC and the Olmsted Parks Conservancy voted on illustrations submitted by students from kindergarten to high school seniors from schools throughout greater Louisville. The 10 winning submissions are featured on a custom TARC bus wrap reflecting this year’s theme and partner. The bus began service after a ceremony honoring the students in May.  The bus will operate on all TARC routes and serve as the flagship bus for special events and parades throughout the Louisville metro region for one full year. Each individual winning piece of student art will also be featured inside the bus on interior display cards. Congratulations to the following students: Gregory W.: Brandeis Elementary Braylin E.: Laukhuf Elementary Kennedi P.: Louisville Male Sophia D.: Laukhuf Elementary Lee Ann C.: St. Matthews Elementary Willie J.: Laukhuf Elementary Leyna N.: Noe Middle school Zakaria M.: Laukhuf Elementary Norah R.: Hazelwood Elementary School Piper N.: Laukhuf Elementary Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education recognize the student winners of the TARC Design-A-Bus competition. IV.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 6 24 25 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2025-111 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 6 10 25 Minutes Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2025-112 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the Minutes of June 10, 2025. The recommendation  passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VI.
                                Superintendent's Report VII.
                                Superintendent Search Process Update VIII.
                                Student Outcomes-Focused Governance Update VIII.A.
                                Recommendation to Receive Monitoring Report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 5: Protect Appropriate Testing Rationale The Board will receive a report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 5: Protect Appropriate Testing. This monitoring session is a conversation between the board and superintendent that provides boards the opportunity to evaluate the alignment between the community’s values (guardrails) and current performance (reality). Monitoring is about understanding the extent to which reality matches the Board’s adopted goals and guardrails.  Monitoring is not about offering advice or recommendations; most monitoring is about understanding where we are and how we got here and to see what’s working/not working, and the expectation that this information impacts what happens next. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Guardrail 5 Presentation (3) Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 5: Protect Appropriate Testing. Actions Taken Order #2025-113 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 5: Protect Appropriate Testing. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. IX.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . X.
                                Action Items XI.
                                Information Items XI.A.
                                Transportation Update Rationale This informational item will provide the Board with an update regarding Transportation. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Transportation Recap 2024-2025 Actions Taken Order #2025-114 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the Transportation Update. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. XII.
                                Consent Calendar Actions Taken Order #2025-115 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the June 24, 2025, Consent Agenda. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. XII.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2025-06-24 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. XII.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2025-06-24 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. XII.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions Rationale XII.C.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Diversity, Equity & Poverty Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments DEP 2025-06-24 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XII.C.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Operations Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Operations 2025-06-24 JD Operations 2025-06-24 Org Charts Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XII.D.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on June 24, 2025. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments FT 06-24-2025 FT 06-24-2025 Request Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. XII.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeouts and BG-5 Forms Rationale XII.E.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Boiler Replacement at Auburndale Elementary School Rationale On April 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Intertech Mechanical Services, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Auburndale ES - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Boiler Replacement at Auburndale Elementary School. XII.E.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Phase I HVAC Renovation at Sam Meyers Hall Rationale On March 18, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for EH Construction, LLC. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Sam Meyers Hall - Phase I HVAC Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Phase I HVAC Renovation at Sam Meyers Hall. XII.E.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Boiler Replacement at Stopher Elementary School Rationale On April 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Walker Mechanical Contractors, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Stopher ES - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Boiler Replacement at Stopher Elementary School. XII.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 6-24-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. XII.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendment Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. There are no tie bids. Submitted by:  Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendment_06 24 25 Amendment on Locks & Miscellaneous Hardware C/N for Information Technology (IT) Audit Services C/N for Internal Audit Services C/N for Purchase of Central Office Building C/N for Third Party Medicaid Administrative and Recovery Services Calculator & Accessories Music Instrument Repair Part A - Self-Insured Motor Vehicle Claims Services & Part B - Excess Motor Vehicle Liability Insurance Purchase of Uniforms (Maintenance Personnel) Tool Repair Service Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiations, bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendment. XII.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 06.24.25 01 - McBrayer, LLC (FY25-26) 02 - Principal Matters, LLC (FY25-26) 03 - Global Game Changers (FY25-26) 04 - Bright Approach, LLC. (FY25-28) 05 - BetterLessons Inc. (FY25-26) 06 - SN Kentuckiana Rehabilitation, LLC. (FY25-26) 07 - Big Picture Learning, Inc. (FY25-26) 08 - Magnet Schools of America (FY25-26) 09 - ACB Consulting, (FY25-26) 10 - Solution Tree, Inc. (FY25-26) 11 - EL Education (FY25-26) 12 - Open Up Resources (FY25-26) 13 - Buck Institute For Education (FY25-26) 14 - Sagebird Consulting, LLC. (FY25-26) 15 - UofL Heath -dba Frazier Rehabilitation Institute (FY25-26) 16 - Hanover Research Council LLC (FY25-26) Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. XII.I.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2024 and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $20,000. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 06.24.2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. XII.J.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer XII.J.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 05.19.25 - 06.01.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of May 19, 2025, through June 1, 2025. XII.J.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 05.19.25 - 06.01.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 05.19.25 - 06.01.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of May 19, 2025, through June 1, 2025. XII.J.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 05.19.25 - 06.01.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of May 19, 2025, through June 1, 2025. XII.K.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding XII.K.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale This is a report of donations and small grants submitted to the Board of Education on June 24, 2025. Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards less than $50,000. In addition to donations listed in the attached report, Alex R. Kennedy Elementary School received an in-kind donation of Food/Snacks/Drinks for Students/Families totaling $75,000 over the 24-25 school year from Shirley’s Way. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Donations and Small Grants Report June 24 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $75,384.27 to be used as stated in the attachment. XII.K.2.
                                Recommendation for Acceptance of Donation from the Altamira Foundation Rationale The Altamira Foundation, Dr. Kenneth Abrams, Trustee, has donated $180,000 to improve the science labs at Central High School Magnet Career Academy. Submitted by: Robert Moore Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education accept a donation of $180,000 from the Alatamira Foundation. XII.K.3.
                                Acceptance of Fiscal Year 2026 Funding for Family Resource Youth Service Centers (FRYSC) Rationale The Kentucky Education Reform Act provides for the establishment of Family Resource and Youth Services Centers (FRYSC), which are intended to promote and coordinate the flow of community resources and support to families and youths in ways that strengthen their functioning and enhance the growth and development of the individual members of the family unit. The Jefferson County Region 3 allocation for the 2025-2026 School year is $10,249,254.74. The Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services contract allocation. The current funding is for a total of 128 centers. Family Resource and Youth Services Centers support Vision 2020 Strategies 1.1.3, Provide Equitable Access, and 1.1.6 Strengthen Early Childhood Education. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments Grant Award - Cabinet for Health and Family Services Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Funding Approval from the Commonwealth of Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services for Fiscal Year 2026. XII.L.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements XII.L.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement for Data Sharing with Bellarmine University Rationale Bellarmine is required by national accreditors to annually report evidence of the impact Bellarmine graduates have on the learning of K-12 students in their classrooms. Bellarmine is requesting de-identified and aggregated reading and math MAP and State (KY) assessment data for the classrooms of Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) English and math teachers who are graduates from Bellarmine’s teacher preparation programs. There is no cost to JCPS. This research supports the Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1.7 Eliminate achievement, learning and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments MOA - Bellarmine University Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement regarding data sharing with Bellarmine University and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XII.L.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with BSCS Science Learning Rationale This Memorandum of Agreement establishes a partnership between BSCS Science Learning and JCPS. The partnership will increase the level of teacher support and enhance the effectiveness of implementation of a new Science HQIR within JCPS elementary school pilot schools. Submitted by: Dr. Terra Greenwell Attachment Attachments MOA-BSCS Science Learning Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with BSCS Science Learning and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.L.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandums of Agreement with Campbellsville University of Education Rationale Campbellsville University School of Education is creating Option 9 programs for P-5, LBD, and IECE in partnership with the Jefferson County Board of Education in accordance with 16 KAR 9:110 and KRS 161.048.  These programs will be available exclusively to classified employees who work in Jefferson County Public Schools. The period of performance is August 1, 2025, and ending July 31, 2028. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachments Attachments MOA - CAMPBELLSVILLE UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF EDUCATION - OPTION 9 P-5 - 2025-06-24 MOA - CAMPBELLSVILLE UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF EDUCATION-NEW OPTION 9 IECE 2025-06-24 MOA -CAMPBELLSVILLE UNIVERSTIY SCHOOL OF EDUCATION - OPTION 9 LBD - 2025-06-24 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandums of Agreement with Campbellsville University School of Education and authorize the Superintendent to sign same. XII.L.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Flight 502 Rationale The purpose of the partnership between The Academy @ Shawnee and Flight 502 is to expand access to high-quality, career-aligned aviation instruction for students by allowing them to complete full-day instruction at the Flight 502 facility. The initiative is designed to enhance students’ readiness for postsecondary education and careers in the aviation industry, provide hands-on experience in real world setting, and support the school’s mission of offering innovative, future-focused learning opportunities. Through this partnership, students will deepen their technical knowledge, develop industry specific skills, and build professional networks that increase their chances of success beyond high school. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Flight Club 502 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Flight 502 and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.L.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Hope Collaborative Rationale The project directly supports Vision 2020 Deeper Learning 3.2.1. and 3.3.1, which states that each student will have access to responsive services using best practices to strengthen relationships with families, stakeholders, and the community. Outcome: Students will participate in enriching small group mentoring activities that improve their cognitive, social, and emotional growth, academic performances and social skills. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - Hope Collaborative Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Hope Collaborative and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.L.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Just Right Reader, Inc. Rationale Just Right Reader supports early foundational literacy skills with customizable, personalized sets of research-based decodable readers for students. Schools may elect to purchase these kits for students. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 1.1.5 Improve Student Literacy. Submitted by: Dr. Terra Greenwell Attachment Attachments DPA - JUST RIGH READER INC Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Just Right Reader, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.L.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with The Commonwealth of Kentucky, Education and Labor Cabinet, Office of Vocational Rehabilitation Rationale The Exceptional Child Education (ECE) Department will collaborate with The Commonwealth of Kentucky, Education and Labor Cabinet, Office of Vocational Rehabilitation (OVR) to establish an agreement for the Community Work Transition Program (CWTP). This program is designed to assist OVR-eligible students who have identified work as a possible desired post-school outcome and have demonstrated a need for assistance to transition from high school to post-school activities, including employment. The goal of this program is community work exploration and competitive integrated employment. JCPS job trainers will be trained annually on the policies and procedures of CWTP. Under the supervision of the ECE Department, job trainers will invoice OVR for services rendered to OVR-approved students. Job trainers will collaborate with school personnel to identify students for CWTP. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments MOA-The Commonwealth of Ky, Education and Labor Cabinet Office of Vocational Rehabilitation Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with The Commonwealth of Kentucky, Education and Labor Cabinet, Office of Vocational Rehabilitation and authorize the superintendent sign same. XII.L.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Lease Agreement/Land Swap Renewal with Louisville Metro Government Rationale This renewal is under the same terms and conditions as the original Lease Agreement/Land Swap approved by the Jefferson County Board of Education on June 12, 2012 and may be extended for successive terms of one year each, up to a maximum of 99 years, contingent on approval by the Jefferson County Board of Education on an annual basis. The Lease Agreement/Land Swap is based on mutual and equal benefit for both Louisville Metro Government and Jefferson County Public Schools. This arrangement allows for a driveway for Fairdale Elementary School and a recycling drop-off point for Louisville Metro. On the attached aerial view of the Fairdale Elementary property, there is an area marked in red and designated as the proposed swap. This long, rectangular piece of property is part of our driveway. Without this piece of land, it would impede access to our school. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Fairdale Elementary Aerial View Lease Agreement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve a Lease Agreement/Land Swap Renewal between Louisville Metro Government and the Jefferson County Board of Education. XII.L.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Gift Agreement with Norton Hospitals, Inc. for Athletic Trainers Rationale Norton Hospital, Inc. will provide funding for the services of fourteen (14) full-time athletic trainers who will be assigned to middle and high schools listed in the attachment. The trainers will serve all student athletes at the participating schools. Norton and SN Kentuckiana Rehab will fund this initiative, providing thirty thousand dollars ($30,000.00) per trainer. Norton is being asked to contribute four hundred twenty thousand dollars ($420,000.00). Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Gift Agreement - Norton and SN Kentuckiana Rehab Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached gift agreement with Norton Hospital, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XII.L.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to Data Privacy Agreement with Otus Rationale Otus is an instructional platform that brings multiple data points together for analysis and decision making at the classroom, school, and district levels. This platform will allow schools to score Defense of Learning rubrics, provide feedback on Artifacts of Learning in the Gallery, and track student growth across embedded curriculum assessments. This initiative aligns with Vision 2020 strategies 1.1.3 provide equitable access, and 1.1.7 eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Terra Greenwell Attachment Attachments SECOND AMENDMENT - OTUS Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to the Data Privacy Agreement with Otus and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.L.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Pace Contracting LLC Rationale Pace is a leading contractor in the region and is donating in-kind services valued at $150,000 through the MSD Community Benefits Program to complete the project. There is no obligation for the District beyond December 31, 2026. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - PACE CONTRACTING Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the Memorandum of Agreement with Pace Contracting LLC to transform Greathouse/Shryock Traditional Elementary School’s existing courtyard into an outdoor learning space. XII.L.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Affiliation Agreement with Spalding School of Nursing Rationale This affiliation agreement with Spalding University School of Nursing offers Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) a strategic opportunity to expand access to critical health services for students while supporting the clinical education of future nurses and nurse practitioners. Through this partnership, Spalding nursing students—under the supervision of faculty and in collaboration with JCPS APRNs—will help provide screenings and direct care services, particularly in schools with the greatest health needs. This not only strengthens JCPS’s ability to address student health concerns that impact attendance and academic success, but also reinforces our district’s commitment to community partnerships, health equity, and the development of the future JCPS workforce. This project directly supports JCPS Goals of academic readiness and Guardrails of safety and racial equity. The District is not providing matching funds for this project and there is no cost to JCPS. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments Agreement - Spalding Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached clinical affiliation agreement with Spalding School of Nursing and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.L.13.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Visually Impaired Preschool Services (VIPS) Rationale This contract allows the District to continue it's partnership with Visually Impaired Preschool Services (VIPS) to provide preschool aged students within our community who are eligible for vision services to receive the appropriate services outlined in their Individual Education Plan in the least restrictive environment with same-aged peers. JCPS is obligated to provide an appropriate education for all children and youth identified with special needs age 3-21 residing within Jefferson County School District. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments MOA - Visually Impaired Preschool Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Visually Impaired Preschool Services (VIPS) and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XII.L.14.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement Regarding Data Sharing with Woolpert, Inc. Rationale Woolpert, Inc. (Woolpert) has entered into a Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) to provide consulting services including but not limited to the preparation of Geographic Information System (GIS) maps and corresponding tables, preparing updates to boundary maps, geocoding student databases, providing detailed boundary analysis and providing the school district data as requested. Woolpert needs access to student-level data to conduct these services. There is no cost to JCPS. This research supports Vision 2020 Strategy I. I. 7 Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments DSA MOA - Woolpert Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement regarding data sharing with Woolpert, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XII.L.15.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to Agreement with Alternative Transportation Solutions dba Everdriven Rationale Alternative Transportation Solutions dba Everdriven is a nationwide transportation company that specializes in transporting students with special needs and circumstances. Due to the bus driver shortage and complexity of transportation, Alternative Transportation Solutions dba Everdriven is a solution for the District to provide transportation to students as needed. Submitted by: Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Amendment - Everdriven Technologies EverDriven Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached agreement amendment with Alternative Transportation Solutions dba Everdriven to provide student transportation and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.L.16.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to the Third-Party Administrative Services Agreement with Charles Taylor Rationale The utilization of a timely third-party administration (TPA) system for insurance claims aims to achieve a dual benefit: supporting claimants and ultimately driving down insurance costs. The chosen contractor possesses a wealth of institutional knowledge and expertise in handling JCPS insurance across various lines. The cost for this service is $141,180 for claims first reported. Fees are based upon per-claim charges including a non-adjustable administration fee of $26,000. Per-Claim Charges: These fees are assessed for each individual claim processed by the TPA. Non-Adjustable Administration Fee: This is a set fee of $26,000 that covers general administrative costs associated with the TPA's service. The term of this amendment to the Administrative Service Agreement is effective beginning July 1, 2025, and may be terminated by either party upon at least sixty (60) days written notice to the other party. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Amendment to Charles Taylor TPA 06.24.2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to the Third-Party Administrative Services Agreement with Charles Taylor and authorize the superintendent sign same. XII.L.17.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreement with the YMCA of Greater Louisville Rationale The YMCA of Greater Louisville has been a longstanding partner of Jefferson County Public Schools. This agreement is designed to retain and recruit JCPS employees as a result of our district-wide employee shortage. JCPS employees will have the opportunity to secure a YMCA monthly membership at a significantly discounted price. JCPS employees will have access to all privileges and obligations customarily available to all YMCA members including, but not limited to member discounts on youth sports programs, summer camps, before- and after-school programs and swim lessons. This partnership agreement will be re-evaluated within 60 days prior to the agreement expiration with the intent to review terms and renew. The term of this agreement is from July 1, 2025, through June 30, 2026. This initiative directly aligns with one of our Future State Tenets, Workforce Leadership and Development in addition to aligning with Vision 2020 strategy 3.1.3 Improve human resources infrastructure. Submitted by:  Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Agreement- YMCA of Greater Louisville (FY25-26).pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached agreement with the YMCA of Greater Louisville and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XII.L.18.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with The YMCA of Greater Louisville for Childcare Enrichment Programs Rationale The Jefferson County Public School District and the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) of Greater Louisville jointly operate the Childcare Enrichment Program (CEP), a before and after school childcare program that has been serving JCPS families since 1985 and supports regular student attendance. The CEP program provides quality, licensed before and after school childcare for JCPS students in Kindergarten through Grade 8. CEP serves more than 3,000 students each day in 54 different JCPS school sites. This decades long partnership allows families to ensure their students are in the best possible environment for before and after school care - our school buildings. These buildings are friendly, familiar, and inviting and part of the student's regular routine. This program directly supports Vision 2020 strategies 3.2.1 and 1.1.3. Submitted by: Dr. John Marshall Attachment Attachments MOA - YMCA CEP Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Young Men's Christian Association of Greater Louisville for the continued operation of the joint Childcare Enrichment Program and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XII.L.19.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association to Change the Payment Structure for Teachers Participating as Members of Their School/Site Collaborative Leadership Team Rationale This Memorandum of Agreement changes the language of the JCBE/JCTA Agreement (2018-2026) for Article 5, Employee Rights, Section N. Beginning with the 2025-26 school year, Committee members will be compensated for time beyond their regular work day by receiving a stipend of $700. This stipend will compensate the Committee member for any work associated with this Committee, including but not limited to attending meetings.  For Committee members to receive the stipend, the school/site must hold at least 10 meetings within the school year, and submit the appropriate paperwork as evidence of said meetings (agenda, minutes, etc. ) Each site’s CLT shall meet at least bi-monthly during the school year. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments JCTA MOA Article 5 Section N for Board Approval Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association to change the payment structure for teachers participating as members of their school/site Collaborative Leadership Team from their hourly rate to an annual stipend of $700 and authorize the superintendent sign same. XII.M.
                                Recommendation for Approval of General Liability and Educators Legal Liability Insurance Policy Renewal Rationale The liability insurance premium will be $1,850,418 for $5,000,000 per occurrence, with a $12,000,000 aggregate and $500,000 for retention. This is an increase of $221,064 over last year's premium. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education renew the General Liability and Educators Legal Liability Insurance Policy with American Alternative Insurance Corporation for a period of one year beginning July 1, 2025, through June 30, 2026. XII.N.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Nonresident Student Tuition Rates for Fiscal Year 2025-26 Rationale The Board approves Nonresident Student Tuition Rates annually pursuant to KRS 158.120 and Board Policy 09.124 Admission of Nonresident Students . Tuition rates use General Fund revenues and average daily attendance in the calculation. For the 2024-25 school year, 34 Anchorage students attended the following Jefferson County high schools: Ballard (7), Central (1), DuPont Manual (23), and Eastern (3). Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Proposed Nonresident Student Tuition Rates 2025-26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Nonresident Student Tuition Rates for Fiscal Year 2025-26. XII.O.
                                Recommendation to Receive a Report on the 2025 Regular Session of the Kentucky General Assembly Rationale The 2025 Regular Session of the Kentucky General Assembly adjourned sine die on March 28. The Office of General Counsel provides the Board of Education with a report on relevant state legislative action. Submitted by: Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments 2025 Relevant Legislation Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive a report on the 2025 Regular Session of the Kentucky General Assembly. XII.P.
                                Recommendation for Approval of 2025-26 Salary Schedules, Salary Placement Rules and Procedures Rationale The attached documents are recommended for approval to establish the District's salary schedules for the 2025-26 school year and pertain to all bargaining units and all employees.  All full and permanent part-time employee schedules reflect a 3 percent increase from last year's schedules. Approval of this recommendation will authorize staff to extend the applicable salary schedules to all District employees effective July 1, 2025. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments FY25-26 Salary Schedules 06.24.25 Salary Placement Rules 2025-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached 2025-26 Salary Schedules, Salary Placement Rules and Procedures. XII.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the District Traceable Communication System Rationale The Kentucky General Assembly passed Senate Bill 181 during the 2025 Regular Session. The legislation requires each local board of education to “designate a traceable communication system to be the exclusive means for a school district employee or volunteer to communicate electronically with students.” Senate Bill 181 defines a “traceable communication system” as: “One (1) or more electronic school notification and communication programs or applications that: Are designated by a local board of education… Trace all communications sent to or by a student; and Provide parents an opportunity to access and review those communications.” The electronic school notification and communications programs or applications that are designated to be the District’s traceable communication system are as follows: JCPS District Email Apptegy Rooms and Alerts Infinite Campus Messenger Google Workspace for Education Class Dojo Microsoft for Education Blackboard Ultra ONLY for JCPS eSchool and Pathfinder Submitted by: Eric Satterly Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the electronic school notification and communications programs or applications provided in the rationale to be the District traceable communication system. XII.R.
                                Adoption of Attached Board Policies (2nd Reading) and Review of Attached Administrative Procedures Rationale The Board Policy Committee reviewed these policies and administrative procedures during its meeting on May 29, 2025, which were recommended for approval by the Board. Changing “School Safety Officer” to “School Resource Officer’ in Policies and Procedures 02.31                         School Resource Officers Note: incorporates technical edits after 1 st reading 02.31 AP.1                School Resource Officers (SROs) 03.13251                  Drug-Free/Alcohol-Free Schools (Certified) 03.23251                  Drug-Free/Alcohol-Free Schools (Classified) 05.45                         Crowd Control 06.34                         Conduct on the Bus 09.2211                    Employee Reports of Criminal Activity 09.423                       Use of Alcohol, Drugs, and Other Prohibited Substances 09.425                       Assaults and Threats of Violence 09.4261 AP.1           Student Mobile Phone Procedure Recommended Policy Changes from Divisions 09.2261                    Transportation Services Policy 06.34                         Conduct on Bus 08.114                       Preschool Education Submitted by: Kevin Brown Attachment Attachments Policies for 2nd Reading-Aproval 06-24-2024 Revised v4 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education adopt the attached Board Policies and review the attached administrative procedures. XII.S.
                                Acceptance of Board Policies for First Reading and Administrative Procedures for Review Rationale Each year, the Kentucky School Boards Association prepares draft amendments to Board policies and administrative procedures based on legislation passed by the Kentucky General Assembly and other changes to state and federal law and regulation. KRS 160.340 requires that these policies be approved by the Board annually by August 15. The Board Policy Committee reviewed these policies and administrive procedures during its meeting on June 16, 2025, which are recommended for approval by the Board. KSBA Annual Board Policy and Administrative Procedure Update 01.0                            Definitions 01.111                       District Planning 01.5                            School Board Policies 02.413                       Exemption (SBDM) 02.421                       Election of School Council Members (SBDM) 03.11                         Hiring (Certified) 03.21                         Hiring (Classified 03.4                            Substitute Teachers 03.6                            Volunteers 04.32                         Model Procurement Code Purchasing 02.4242                    School Budget and Purchasing (SBDM) 03.114                       Contract (Certified) 03.14                         Contract 03.1232                    Sick Leave (Certified) 03.1721                    Conflict of Interest (Certified) 03.2721                    Conflict of Interest (Classified) 03.175                       Retirement 03.29                         Staff Meetings and Professional Development 04.1                            Budget Planning and Adoption 04.8                            Disposal of School Property 04.8 AP 1                  Disposal of School Property 07.1                            Food/Nutrition Services 07.1 AP.1                  School and Community Nutrition Program 08.3                            School Calendar 09.122                       Attendance Requirements 09.22                         Student Health and Safety 09.2211                    Employee Reports of Criminal Activity 09.227                       Child Abuse 08.1312                    Home/Hospital Instruction Submitted by: Kevin Brown Attachment Attachments 06-24-2025 KSBA Update 1st Reading J03_Pol_AP  with JCPS Edits v3.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Board Policies for first submission and reading and receive the attached Administrative Procedures for Review. XII.T.
                                WITHDRAWN: Student Outcomes-Focused Governance Timeline Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. XIII.
                                Board Planning Calendar Rationale Board members may review and offer suggestions for future Board meeting agendas during the Board Planning Calendar portion of regular Board meetings. A list of selected Board of Education discussion agenda items has been compiled for use by the Board and administrative staff. The list includes activities for action and discussion. It is anticipated that staff will use this list to avoid scheduling conflicts, improve coordination and support of activities, enhance planning, and increase awareness of upcoming board meeting activities. Attachment Attachments Planning Calendar Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. Actions Taken Order #2025-116 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. James Craig. XIV.
                                Committee Reports Rationale Meeting dates and times can be accessed on the JCPS Calendar of Events . Meeting materials and Minutes from previous meetings can be accessed here . XV.
                                Board Reports Rationale Each meeting shall contain an opportunity for Board members to report on noteworthy events pertaining to the work of schools and the District. XVI.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) XVII.
                                Executive Session (If Necessary) XVIII.
                                Action Item (If Necessary) XIX.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2025-117 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the June 24, 2025, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 7:31 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange.