KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County February 10, 2026 6:00 PM Regular Work Session Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Call to order Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. Attachments 2 10 26 Meeting Notice 2 10 26 Board Q&A II.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 2 10 26 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2026-25 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. III.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 1 20 2026  Minutes.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2026-26 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Minutes of January 20, 2026. The recommendation  passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. IV.
                                Work Session IV.A.
                                Report on Central Office Reorganization Rationale This work session will provide a report on the Central Office Reorganization, a strategic initiative designed to prioritize long-term organizational stability and unwavering commitment to student achievement. Submitted by: Superintendent Brian Yearwood Attachments IV.A. Report on Reorganization _ Presentation Actions Taken Order #2026-27 - Motion Passed: A motion that consent item VI.C Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions be removed from the consent agenda,
and that a special called meeting be held on Friday, February 13th, at 6 p.m., with the sole agenda item to include the approval of item VI.C Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions 
 passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Dr. Corrie Shull. V.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . VI.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2026-28 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Consent Calendar minus item: VI.C Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VI.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2026-02-10.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. VI.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2026-02-10 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. VI.C.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. VI.C.1.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Academics Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments ACADEMICS 2026-02-10 JD v2 ACADEMICS Org Charts 2026-02-10 v2 VI.C.2.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Accountability, Research, and Systems Improvement Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments ACCOUNTABILITY, RESEARCH AND SYSTEMS IMPROVEMENT 2026-02-10 JD v2 ACCOUNTABILITY, RESEARCH AND SYSTEMS IMPROVEMENT Org Charts 2026-02-10  v2 VI.C.3.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Administration Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments ADMINISTRATION 2026-02-10 ADMINISTRATION Org Charts 2026-02-10 VI.C.4.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Business Services (HR, Technology, Finance) Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments BUSINESS SERVICES 2026-02-10 HUMAN RESOURCES 2026-02-10 ____ HUMAN RESOURCES Org Chart 2026-02-10  v2 FINANCE 2026-02-10 FINANCE Org Charts 2026-02-10 IT TECHNOLOGY 2026-02-10 JD  v2 IT TECHNOLOGY Org Charts 2026-02-10 VI.C.5.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Chief of Police Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments JCPS POLICE DEPARTMENT 2026-02-10 JCPS POLICE DEPARTMENT Org Chart 2026-02-10 VI.C.6.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Chief of Staff Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. VI.C.7.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Communications and Community Relations Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments COMMUNICATIONS AND COMMUNITY RELATIONS 2026-02-10 COMMUNICATIONS Org Charts 2026-02-10 VI.C.8.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Diversity, Equity, and Poverty (Opportunity & Access) Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments OPPORTUNITY & ACCESS 2026-02-10 JD  v2 OPPORTUNITY AND ACCESS Org Charts 2026-02-10  v2 VI.C.9.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Exceptional Child Education Rationale This item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. VI.C.10.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Finance (Business Services) Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. VI.C.11.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – General Counsel Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments GENERAL COUNSEL 2026-02-10 GENERAL COUNSEL Org Chart 2026-02-10 VI.C.12.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Human Resources (Business Services) Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. VI.C.13.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Operations Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments OPERATIONS 2026-02-10 OPERATIONS Org Charts 2026-02-10 VI.C.14.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Schools Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments SCHOOLS Org Charts 2026-02-10 VI.C.15.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Strategy and Innovation (Transition Readiness, Adult & Continuing Education, School Choice) Attachments CHIEF OF STAFF STRATEGY AND INNOVATIONS 2026-02-10 STRATEGY & INNOVATION Org Charts 2026-02-10  v2 VI.C.16.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Student Support & Community Engagement Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. Attachments CHIEF OF STAFF SS1 Student Support  Community Engagement Markup and Final Org Chart  v2 CHIEF OF STAFF STUDENT SUPPORT AND COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT 2026-02-10 JD  v2 VI.C.17.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Technology (Business Services) Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. VI.D.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on February 10, 2026. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments Field Trips 02-10-2026 Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent 02-10-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. VI.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for New School Building at Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence Rationale This project will consist of building a new 1,050 student capacity building for grades 6-12 and a new athletic field for the Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Grace James Academy - New School Building Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Schmidt Associates, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the New School Building at Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence, for an estimated project cost for $80,000,000. VI.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bids and Revised BG-1 Forms VI.F.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Structural Repair at Blake Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of removing a brick and concrete screen wall from roof level, repairing delaminating brick, and installing a new wall cap. On September 16, 2025, the Board of Education approved Structural Services, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-081. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on January 6, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Blake ES - Structural Repair Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Midwest Maintenance, Inc. for Structural Repair at Blake Elementary School for the low base bid of $99,000; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $119,000. VI.F.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Boiler Replacement at Luhr Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-003. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on January 16, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Luhr ES - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Best Mechanical Services, LLC for Boiler Replacement at Luhr Elementary School for the low base bid of $226,816; reject Alternate 1; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $263,000. VI.F.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Boiler Replacement at Ramsey Middle School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-004. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on January 16, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Ramsey MS - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Walker Mechanical Contractors, Inc. for Boiler Replacement at Ramsey Middle School for the low base bid of $226,300; reject Alternate 1; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $262,000. VI.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Revised BG-1 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Fern Creek High School Rationale On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved Schmidt Associates, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-007. On March 18, 2025, the Board of Education approved awarding a contract to OHeil Site Solutions. In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires revision of the BG-1 form when change orders exceed the budgeted contingency amount. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Fern Creek HS - Athletic Stadium Renovation - CO Contingency Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached revised BG-1 form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Fern Creek High School in the amount of $4,415,623. VI.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-5 Forms VI.H.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-5 Form for Property Acquisition (by donation) for the KFC Corporation/YUM! Brands, Inc. Property Rationale On December 9, 2025, the Board of Education approved the BG-1 form with estimated costs. The closing took place on December 19, 2025. The district paid for the Owner’s Title Insurance, Deed Recoding Fee, and Deed Simplifile Fee for $87,210. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Property Acquisition - KFC Yum Donation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for the property acquisition (by donation) of property by KFC Corporation located at 1441 Gardiner Lane; 1900 Gardiner Lane; 1950 Colonel Sanders Lane; and 1870 Allgeier Lane. VI.H.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-5 Form for Property Acquisition (by purchase) of Terry Road Parcels Rationale On February 25, 2025, the Board of Education approved the BG-1 form. The closing took place on December 29, 2025 for 5500 Terry Road, and on January 21, 2026 for 5127 Terry Road. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Property Acquisition - Terry Road Parcels Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for the property acquisition (by purchase) of property located at 5127 & 5500 Terry Road. VI.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeouts and BG-5 Forms VI.I.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Camp Taylor Elementary School Rationale On February 25, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Highland Roofing Company, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Camp Taylor ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Partial Roof Replacement at Camp Taylor Elementary School. VI.I.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Pool HVAC Unit Replacement at Central High School MCA Rationale On September 2, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Intertech Mechanical Services, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Central HS MCA - Pool HVAC Unit Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Pool HVAC Unit Replacement at Central High School MCA. VI.I.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Career and Technical Education Program Renovations at Doss High School Rationale On December 9, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Corbett Construction Co., Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Doss HS - CTE Program Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Career and Technical Education Program Renovations at Doss High School. VI.I.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Career and Technical Education Program Renovations at Eastern High School Rationale On December 9, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for OMNI Commercial, LLC. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Eastern HS - CTE Program Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Career and Technical Education Program Renovations at Eastern High School. VI.I.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Secure Vestibule at Hartstern Elementary School Rationale On November 18, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Derek Engineering, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Hartstern ES - Secure Vestibule Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Secure Vestibule at Hartstern Elementary School. VI.I.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Phase I HVAC Renovation at Hazelwood Elementary School Rationale On October 14, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for EH Construction, LLC. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Hazelwood ES - Phase I HVAC Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Phase I HVAC Renovation at Hazelwood Elementary School. VI.I.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Highland Middle School Rationale On August 19, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Geoghegan Roofing. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Highland MS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Partial Roof Replacement at Highland Middle School. VI.I.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown Elementary School Rationale On November 18, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Highland Roofing Company, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Jeffersontown ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown Elementary School. VI.I.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Lighting Upgrade at Middletown Elementary School Rationale On October 14, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for A Total Solution, LLC. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Middletown ES - Lighting Upgrade Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Lighting Upgrade at Middletown Elementary School. VI.I.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Career and Technical Education Storage Canopy at Pleasure Ridge Park High School Rationale On October 14, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Derek Engineering, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 PRP HS - CTE Storage Canopy Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Career and Technical Education Storage Canopy at Pleasure Ridge Park High School. VI.I.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Shacklette Elementary School Rationale On November 18, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Highland Roofing Company, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Shacklette ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Partial Roof Replacement at Shacklette Elementary School. VI.I.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Southern High School Rationale On June 10, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Carlon Roofing & Sheet Metal, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Southern HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Partial Roof Replacement at Southern High School. VI.I.13.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Domestic Water Piping Replacement at Stonestreet Elementary School Rationale On September 16, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Lucas Plumbing and Contracting, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Stonestreet ES - Domestic Water Piping Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Domestic Water Piping Replacement at Stonestreet Elementary School. VI.I.14.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Neighborhood Place Relocation at Thomas Jefferson Middle School Rationale On December 9, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Corbett Construction Co., Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 TJMS - Neighborhood Place Relocation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Neighborhood Place Relocation at Thomas Jefferson Middle School. VI.J.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completions and BG-4 Forms VI.J.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Ballard High School Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-010. On February 25, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Ballard HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Ballard High School for a total construction cost of $619,740. VI.J.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Boiler Replacement at Farnsley Middle School Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-018. On February 25, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Infinity Design and Construction Group, Inc. as the low bidder. Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Farnsley MS - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Infinity Design and Construction Group, Inc. for Boiler Replacement at Farnsley Middle School for a total construction cost of $340,107. VI.J.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Boiler Replacement at Shacklette Elementary School Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-020. On February 25, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Infinity Design and Construction Group, Inc. as the low bidder. Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Shacklette ES - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Infinity Design and Construction Group, Inc. for Boiler Replacement at Shacklette Elementary School for a total construction cost of $156,371. VI.J.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Boiler Replacement at Thomas Jefferson Middle School Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-021. On March 18, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to G.B.M.C., Inc. as the low bidder. Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 TJMS - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to G.B.M.C., Inc. for Boiler Replacement at Thomas Jefferson Middle School for a total construction cost of $409,138.50. VI.J.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Trunnell Elementary School Rationale On June 22, 2021, the Board of Education approved Patrick D. Murphy Co., Inc. Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 22-023. On January 17, 2023, the Board approved awarding a contract to American Roofing & Metal Co. as the low bidder. Patrick D. Murphy Co., Inc. Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Trunnell ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to American Roofing & Metal Co. for Partial Roof Replacement at Trunnell Elementary School for a total construction cost of $709,287. VI.J.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Western High School Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-015. On February 25, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Western HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Western High School for a total construction cost of $356,383. VI.K.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 2-10-26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. VI.L.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiation, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. In addition, there is a tie bid on Bid ID #8508 - Instructional & Office Supplies (Line Item). Submitted by:  Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Competitive Negotiation, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments_02 10 26 Amendment on Automotive_Bus Repair Parts & Services (Line Item) Amendment on Electrical Supplies & Lighting (Line Item) Amendment on Large Lunchroom Equipment (Line Item) Amendment on Locally Grown Fresh Fruits & Vegetables Competitive Negotiation for Wide Area Network (WAN) Phase 2 Hardware Fasteners (Percentage) Installation of Data Cables Instructional & Office Supplies (Line Item) Instructional Supplies & Equipment (Percentage) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiation, bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendments. VI.M.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 02.10.26 01 - Bluegrass Center for Autism - Amendment (FY24-25, FY25-26, & FY26-27) 02 - Buck Institute for Education (FY25-26) 03 - Peace Education (FY25-26) 04 - Jerald Smith (FY25-26) 05 - Crazee 4 Bricks - (FY25-26) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. VI.N.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025, and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $20,000. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 02.10.2026.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. VI.O.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer VI.O.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 12.22.25 - 01.18.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of December 22, 2025, through January 18, 2026. VI.O.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 12.22.25 - 01.18.26 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 12.22.25 - 01.18.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of December 22, 2025, through January 18, 2026. VI.O.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 12.22.25 - 01.18.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of December 22, 2025, through January 18, 2026. VI.P.
                                Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Period Ended December 31, 2025 Rationale This report is provided to the Board per KRS 160.560 and Board Policy 04.31 Fiscal Accounting and Reporting . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Board Financials_12.25.pdf Notes of Interest December 2025.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Monthly Financial Report for the period ending December 31, 2025. VI.Q.
                                Acceptance of Quarterly Report of Investment Performance Rationale This report is provided to the Board per JCPS Policy 04.36 Investments . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Quarter Ended December 31, 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Quarterly Report of Investment Performance for the quarter ended December 31, 2025. VI.R.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding VI.R.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision-Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards of less than $50,000. Submitted by: Tamara Lewis Attachment Attachments Donation and Small Grant Report February 10 2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $88,708.38 to be used as stated in the attachment. VI.R.2.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation Rationale Dr. and Mrs. Nicholas Ryan donated $1,524 to Norton Elementary to be used for student, staff, and/or environmental needs. Jefferson County Teacher Association donated $2,500 to the Build-A-Bed Project. Impact100 donated $100,000 to the JCPS adaptive sports team, Louisville Lightning. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $104,024 from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation to be used as stated in the rationale. VI.R.3.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation Rationale The Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation has awarded the JCPS Exceptional Child Education Department $22,108 to purchase three handcycles for the Louisville Lightning adapted sports program. There is no obligation for the District beyond January 31, 2027. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments Grant Agreement - Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $22,108 from the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation and authorize the superintendent to sign the attached agreement. VI.S.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements VI.S.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Memorandum of Understanding with the Alliance for Young Artists & Writers, Inc Rationale The Scholastic Art & Writing Awards are an extracurricular program presented by the Alliance for Young Artists & Writers. The Alliance is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization whose mission is to identify students with exceptional artistic and literary talent and present their remarkable work to the world. The Awards give students opportunities for recognition, exhibition, publication, and scholarships. JCPS uses Title IV funds to pay entry fees for students. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments MOU- Alliance for Young Artists and Writers Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Understanding with the Alliance for Young Artists & Writers, Inc., and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.S.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with C.H.O.I.C.E., Inc Rationale The agreement with C.H.O.I.C.E. (Children Have Options In Choosing Experiences) is directly connected to the District’s Strategic Plan, Goal One: Deeper Learning. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 3.2.1. and 3.3.1, which states that each student will have access to responsive services using best practices to strengthen relationships with families, stakeholders, and the community. This will be achieved by providing a sports leadership and mentoring program that focuses on building resilience and empowering youth. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - C.H.O.I.C.E Inc. Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with C.H.O.I.C.E. (Children Have Options In Choosing Experiences) and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.S.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Signature HealthCARE of South Louisville Rationale This proposed partnership with Signature HealthCARE of South Louisville aligns with the District’s commitment to equity and community engagement. Through this collaboration, nursing students will have the opportunity to complete their required coursework and clinical rotations via an accredited learning experience, ensuring compliance with applicable state laws and regulations. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - Signature Health Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Signature HealthCARE of South Louisville and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VI.S.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Student Placement Agreement with the University of Cincinnati Rationale In accordance with administrative regulation 16 KAR 5:040 Admission, Placement, and Supervision in Student Teaching, promulgated by the Kentucky Education Professional Standards Board (EPSB), the District has an established and ongoing agreement with the University of Cincinnati regarding student placement. This agreement is to be effective from July 1, 2025, through June 30, 2030. Student Placement Agreements permit teacher education students to engage in supplementary instructional activities with JCPS students under the direction and supervision of the professional administrative and teaching staff of the District. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Student Placement Agreement - University of Cincinnati Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Student Placement Agreement with the University of Cincinnati and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.S.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with VIVI LLC Rationale This Data Privacy Agreement details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this Agreement and will terminate when the services terminate. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached Agreement. Vivi LLC will provide software licenses and support for centrally managed wireless screen-mirroring, digital signage, emergency alerts, and announcements for individual schools. Submitted By: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments DPA - VIVI LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with VIVI LLC and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.S.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Young Men’s Christian Association (YMCA) of Greater Louisville Rationale Louisville Metro Public Health & Wellness has awarded Climate & Culture and Health Services a Kentucky Opioid Abatement Trust Fund award to provide in-school prevention services, in-school prevention programming and education, and after-school prevention programming. YMCA of Louisville is uniquely positioned to offer the after-school prevention programming component during existing JCPS Child Enrichment Program (CEP) sites during the 2026-27 and 2027-28 school years. There is no obligation for the District beyond August 31, 2028 Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - YMCA OF GREATER LOUISVILLE Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Young Men’s Christian Association (YMCA) of Greater Louisville and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.S.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Public Consulting Group LLC Rationale JCPS has worked to implement Dr. Dewey Cornell’s Comprehensive School Threat Assessment Guidelines (CSTAG) over the past several years. This software, and accompanying training, will continue to support the implementation of the JCPS CSTAG Protocol and Guidelines. In alignment with the CSTAG model, it is recommended that the District continue this software program to better assist in data monitoring, case management, and increased usability. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments DPA - PUBLIC CONSULTING GROUP Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Public Consulting Group LLC and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.S.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville Academy of Music Rationale The Louisville Academy of Music provides free music lessons to students at Bellewood/Brooklawn, Johnson Middle, Lincoln, and Western Middle schools and other schools interested in participating. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Louisville Academy of Music 2026 Updated 1-22-26.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville Academy of Music and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.S.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Waterford Research Institute Rationale Waterford Research Institute will provide software licenses for the Waterford Reading Academy which focuses on early literacy, math,  and science for preschool students. This will serve as the virtual learning platform for early childhood students. The purpose of this agreement is to delineate the operational guidelines for sharing data between Waterford Research Institute and JCPS and define the respective roles and responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement and will terminate when the services terminate. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments DPA - WATERFORD RESEARCH INSTITUTE - Blue Stamp 1-22-2026.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Waterford Research Institute and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.S.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with PowerSchool Group United Home Platform Rationale The purpose of this agreement is to delineate the operational guidelines for sharing data between PowerSchool Group United Home Platform and JCPS and define the respective roles and responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments DPA - POWERSCHOOL GROUP LLC - Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with PowerSchool Group United Home Platform and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.S.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement Between the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCBE) and the Jefferson County Teachers Association (JCTA) to Ensure First Rights to Interviews for Overstaffed School-Based Academic Instructional Coaches (AIC) and Middle School Explore Coaches Rationale This Memorandum of Agreement ensures that overstaffed school-based Academic Instructional Coaches (AIC) will have first rights to interviews for the newly created district-based instructional coach positions.  Middle School Explore Coaches who are identified as overstaff will have first rights to interviews if new Middle School Explore Coach positions are created. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachments AIC MOA with JCTA Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association and authorize the superintendent sign the same. VI.S.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement Between the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCBE) and the Jefferson County Teachers Association (JCTA) to Ensure Opportunity to Indicate Their Desire to Have Priority Consideration Within the Cluster of Their School Rationale This Memorandum of Agreement ensures that overstaffed bargaining unit employees at Zachary Taylor Elementary School have an opportunity to indicate their desire to have priority consideration for positions within the cluster of their school. This will allow bargaining unit employees the opportunity to be interviewed for vacant positions for which they meet the minimum qualifications at schools within the cluster to which Zachary Taylor Elementary belonged. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachments ZT MOA with JCTA Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association and authorize the superintendent sign the same. VI.S.13.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement Between the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCBE) and the Jefferson County Teachers Association (JCTA) to Ensure Opportunity to Indicate Their Desire to Have Priority Consideration Within the Cluster of Their School Rationale This Memorandum of Agreement ensures that overstaffed bargaining unit employees at Martin Luther King, Jr. Elementary School have an opportunity to indicate their desire to have priority consideration for positions within the cluster of their school. This will allow bargaining unit employees the opportunity to be interviewed for vacant positions for which they meet the minimum qualifications at schools within the cluster to which Martin Luther King, Jr. Elementary belonged Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachments King MOA with JCTA Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association and authorize the superintendent sign the same. VI.S.14.
                                Recommendation for Approval of a Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government Department of Public Health and Wellness Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) is entering into an agreement with Louisville Metro Department of Public Health and Wellness (LMPHW) to provide data to support greater access to public health services and assistance, and for an evaluation of prevention services and programming funded through a Kentucky Opioid Abatement Trust Fund award from LMPHW accepted by JCPS in January 2025. There is no obligation for the District beyond February 11, 2027 Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA- LOUISVILLE JEFFERSON COUNTY - BLUE STAMP 1-23-2026.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville/ Jefferson County Metro Government Department of Public Health and Wellness (LMPHW) and authorize the Superintendent to sign the same. VI.T.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Shortened School Days and/or Weeks for Five Exceptional Child Education Students Rationale The Kentucky Administrative Regulations, as outlined in the Exceptional Child Education Policies and Procedures Manual, requires that a shortened school day and/or week be submitted to the Board of Education for approval. This Board action is subject to confidentiality requirements according to policies and procedures in Chapter 9 Confidentiality of Information. Following approval by the Board of Education, the request will be submitted to the Kentucky Department of Education, Office of Special Education and Early Learning. The District must maintain the following documentation for all shortened school days and/or weeks approved by the Local Board of Education: Approval by the Local Board of Education (student confidentiality procedures must be followed when listing student information in the local Board minutes); Minutes of the Admissions and Release Committee (ARC) meeting documenting the ARC decision that a shortened school day and/or week is needed; A copy of the student’s Individual Education Plan documenting the shortened school day and/or week; A copy of the physician's statement of the medical need. Per regulations, the student is being identified as SSDW001, SSDW002, SSW003, SSW004, SSD005 Student SSDW001 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 4 hour school day, THREE days (T/TH/F). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSDW002 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 3 hour school day, THREE days (T/W/TH). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSW003 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a THREE DAY SCHOOL WEEK (M/T/W). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSW004 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a THREE DAY SCHOOL WEEK (M/W/TH). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD005 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 4 hour  5 MIN school day. Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve shortened school days and/or weeks for Five Exceptional Child Education students VII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) VIII.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2026-29 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the February 10, 2026, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 9:16 p.m. passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister.