KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County May 12, 2026 6:00 PM Board Work Session Secure Return I.
                                Call to Order Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. II.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 5 12 26 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. III.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). IV.
                                Work Sessions IV.A.
                                Report on the 2025-26 Comprehensive School Survey Results Rationale The Comprehensive School Survey (CSS) is provided annually to all staff, parents/guardians and students in grades four through twelve to understand shareholders perceptions regarding academic indicators, safety, sense of belonging, and school environment. This survey serves as a valuable resource to gather insights, identify specific needs, and develop strategies to help us ensure student success and a positive school culture. This report will present summary data on stakeholder satisfaction and key constructs regarding the District's three commitments: Safety and Belonging, Academic Excellence and Growth, and Care and Support. This item supports Strategy 2.1.3 in Vision 2020 . Submitted by: Marco Muñoz Attachment Attachments 2025-26 Comprehensive School Survey Results - Board Presentation v2 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on the 2025-26 Comprehensive School Survey results. IV.B.
                                Racial Equity Policy Update Rationale The purpose of presenting the racial equity policy to the Board of Education is to ensure that our district continues to provide an educational environment where every student has the opportunity to succeed. It also honors the mandate to present bi-annually. Persistent disparities in academic outcomes, discipline data, access and opportunities to advanced coursework, and student experience demonstrate that equity is not an abstract ideal but a practical necessity. By sharing and discussing the successes and challenges, we are affirming our commitment to identifying and addressing the systemic barriers that impact student learning and well-being. This presentation also provides transparency and clarity around how the policy will and has guided districtwide decision-making. A shared understanding among board members, administrators, educators, and community stakeholders is essential for consistent implementation. Presenting it formally ensures that the Board is informed about the framework that will shape instructional practices, professional learning, and school climate initiatives. Finally, bringing this policy forward reflects our responsibility to engage the community in meaningful dialogue about equity. Families, students, and staff deserve to know how the district is working to create inclusive, supportive learning environments. By presenting the policy publicly, we reinforce our commitment to accountability and continuous improvement. This mandate positions the district to continue to move away from intention and towards action, ensuring that equity is embedded in everyday practice rather than remaining a statement on paper and a flaccid policy. Submitted by: Dr. John Marshall Attachment Attachments Racial Equity Policy Update Presentation JCPS Racial Equity Policy Racial Equity Meeting Structure & Monitoring Protocol (1) PEER (Promising Equity Effort Reach) 2024-25 (1) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive an update regarding the implementation of the Racial Equity Policy and Racial Equity Plan. V.
                                Action Items V.A.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Tentative Budget for Fiscal Year 2026-2027 Rationale The Tentative Budget is submitted for the Board's approval per KRS 160.470 and JCPS Policy 04.1 Budget Planning and Adoption. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments Attachments FY27 Tentative Budget Presentation FY27 Tentative Budget Report Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Tentative Budget for Fiscal Year 2026-2027. VI.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . VII.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. VII.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2026-05-12 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. VII.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2026-05-12 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. VII.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions VII.C.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Academics Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Academics Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). VII.C.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Accountability, Research and Systems Improvement Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ACCOUNTABILITY, REASEARCH AND SYSTEMS 2026-04-21 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). VII.C.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Human Resources Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments HUMAN RESOURCES 2026-05-12 (G-2).pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). VII.C.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Strategy and Innovation Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments STRATEGY AND INNOVATION 2026-05-12 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). VII.C.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Student Support and Community Engagement Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments STUDENT SUPPORT AND COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT 2026-05-12.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). VII.D.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on May 12, 2026. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments FIELD TRIPS 05-12-2026 FIELD TRIPS APPROVED BY THE SUPERINTENDENT 05-12-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. VII.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Career and Technical Education Lab Renovation at Jeffersontown High School Rationale This project will consist of dividing and renovating an existing room to create a Career and Technical Education lab. On March 10, 2026, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-306. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on April 20, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Jeffersontown HS - CTE Lab Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Bornstein General Contracting 1890, LLC for Career and Technical Education Lab Renovation at Jeffersontown High School for the low base bid of $286,013; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $331,000. VII.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completions and BG-4 Forms VII.F.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Window Replacement at 3901 Atkinson Square Drive Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved Tony Kleyer, Architect to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-026. On January 28, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Woodbine Construction Company, Inc. as the low bidder. Tony Kleyer, Architect has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 3901 Atkinson Square Drive - Partial Window Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Woodbine Construction Company, Inc. for Partial Window Replacement at 3901 Atkinson Square Drive for a total construction cost of $349,791.08. VII.F.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at duPont Manual High School Rationale On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved Pickett Passafium Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-006. On March 18, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Haire Construction, LLC as the low bidder. Pickett Passafiume Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 duPont Manual HS - Athletic Stadium Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Haire Construction, LLC for Athletic Stadium Renovation at duPont Manual High School for a total construction cost of $2,615,939.55. VII.F.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Camp Taylor Elementary School Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-011. On February 25, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to D&I General Contracting, LLC as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Camp Taylor ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to D&I General Contracting, LLC for Partial Roof Replacement at Camp Taylor Elementary School for a total construction cost of $371,378. VII.F.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Fern Creek High School Rationale On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved Schmidt Associates to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-007. On March 18, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to OHeil Site Solutions as the low bidder. Schmidt Associates has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Fern Creek HS - Athletic Stadium Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to OHeil Site Solutions for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Fern Creek High School for a total construction cost of $2,396,545.96. VII.F.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Window Replacement at Fern Creek High School Rationale On September 3, 2024, the Board of Education approved Tony Kleyer, Architect to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-033. On March 18, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Woodbine Construction Company, Inc. as the low bidder. Tony Kleyer, Architect has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Fern Creek HS - Partial Window Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Woodbine Construction Company, Inc. for Partial Window Replacement at Fern Creek High School for a total construction cost of $335,000. VII.F.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Louisville Male High School Rationale On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved Schmidt Associates to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-008. On February 25, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to OHeil Site Solutions as the low bidder. Schmidt Associates has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Louisville Male HS - Athletic Stadium Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to OHeil Site Solutions for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Louisville Male High School for a total construction cost of $1,216,045.45. VII.F.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Shelby Academy Rationale On July 25, 2023, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 24-014. On March 05, 2024, the Board approved awarding a contract to Deer Park Roofing, LLC as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Shelby Academy - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Deer Park Roofing, LLC for Partial Roof Replacement at Shelby Academy for a total construction cost of $461,976. VII.F.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Operable Partition Replacement at Various Schools Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved Tony Kleyer, Architect to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-032. On January 28, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Woodbine Construction Company, Inc. as the low bidder. Tony Kleyer, Architect has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Various Schools - Operable Partition Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Woodbine Construction Company, Inc. for Operable Partition Replacement at Various Schools for a total construction cost of $376,399.25. VII.F.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Waggener High School Rationale On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved Schmidt Associates to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-009. On March 18, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Derek Engineering, Inc. as the low bidder. Schmidt Associates has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Waggener HS - Athletic Stadium Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Derek Engineering, Inc. for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Waggener High School for a total construction cost of $2,194,469. VII.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 5-12-26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. VII.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Letter of Intent to Purchase Real Property at King Elementary School from the District Rationale The mailing address of King Elementary School is 4325 Vermont Avenue; with the property being located on the following tracts of land having addresses of: • 4312, 4434, and 4436 Michigan Avenue • 501, 503, 507, 511, 515, 517, and 519 Southwestern Parkway • 4315, 4319, 4319 4323, and 4325 Vermont Avenue • 4310, 4325, and 4440 W. Muhammad Ali Boulevard On January 20, 2026, the Board of Education approved the BG-1 Form to dispose of the property, declare the property as surplus to the educational needs of the District, and declare that the disposal does not affect the integrity or usefulness of property crucial to the educational needs of the district. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Approval of Letter of Intent - Christ Temple Christian Life Center - King ES Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Letter of Intent between the Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky, as Seller, and Christ Temple Christian Life Center, as Buyer, for the real property at King Elementary School, with a mailing address of 4325 Vermont Avenue, and is located on the addresses listed in the rational, for a purchase price of $1,020,000; and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VII.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Letter of Intent to Purchase Real Property at Waller-Willams @ Riverport from the District Rationale On December 17, 2024, the Board of Education approved requesting a finding to the District Facilities Plan be sent to the Kentucky Department of Education with Waller-Williams @ Riverport being removed from the plan. On December 19, 2024, The Kentucky Department of Education approved finding number two to the District Facilities Plan. On January 28, 2025, the Board of Education approved declaring the property as surplus to the education needs of the District. On April 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved the BG-1 Form to dispose of the property and declare that the disposal does not affect the integrity or usefulness of property crucial to the educational needs of the district. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Approval of Letter of Intent - The Tea Spot - Waller-Williams @ Riverport Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Letter of Intent between the Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky, as Seller, and The Tea Spot, LLC, as Buyer, for the real property at Waller-Williams @ Riverport, located at 7401 Riverport Drive for a purchase price of $945,250; and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VII.J.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Request from Pickett Passafiume Architects to Apply for Commercial Buildings Tax Deduction under Section 1331 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 Rationale The Energy Efficient Commercial Buildings Tax Deduction is a special financial incentive created by the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and designed to reduce the initial cost of investing in energy-efficient lighting and other building systems via an accelerated tax deduction. If the building is a publicly owned building, the person who created the technical specifications for installation of the energy-efficient property can claim the CBTD, according to IRS Notice 2008-40. The tax credit expired on December 31, 2017, but was re-instated in December 2019, and then made permanent for projects placed in service after December 2020. The projects directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education approve a request from Pickett Passafiume Architects that would allow them to apply for the Commercial Buildings Tax Deduction under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 for the Phase I HVAC Renovation at Dixie Elementary School, to be split with BCCLT, Inc. VII.K.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. There are no tie bids. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiations, bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendments. VII.L.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 05.12.26 (1) 01 - Occupational Health Centers of the Southwest, P.A., dba Concentra Medical Centers (FY26-27) 02 - National Center for Families Learning (FY26-27) 03 - Solution Tree Inc.  (FY26-27) (1) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. VII.M.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025 and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $20,000. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 05.12.2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. VII.N.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer VII.N.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 03.30.26 - 04.19.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of March 30, 2026, through April 19, 2026. VII.N.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 03.30.26 - 04.19.26 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 03.30.26 - 04.19.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of March 30, 2026, through April 19, 2026. VII.N.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 03.30.26 - 04.19.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of March 30, 2026, through April 19, 2026. VII.O.
                                Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Period Ended March 31, 2026 Rationale This report is provided to the Board per KRS 160.560 and Board Policy 04.31 Fiscal Accounting and Reporting . Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachments Attachments Board Financials_03.26 Notes of Interest March 2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Monthly Financial Report for the period ending March 31, 2026. VII.P.
                                Acceptance of Quarterly Report of Investment Performance Rationale This report is provided to the Board per JCPS Policy 04.36 Investments . Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments 25-26 Quarterly Interest Report_3rd Qtr Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Quarterly Report of Investment Performance for the quarter ended March 31, 2026. VII.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Assistant Treasurers and Bank Signature Resolution for Fiscal Year 2026-27 Rationale The approval of Assistant Treasurers is in accordance with KRS 160.560. Branch Banking & Trust company, now Truist, our current depository bank, will be notified and directed to honor the signatures of the Treasurer and/or Assistant Treasurers by submittal of the attached Signature Resolution and as authorized by Board Policy 4.3111 District Issuance of Checks . The Board will be asked to approve the new Executive Officer of Finance as the new Treasurer at a future meeting this spring. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments Bank Signature Resolution 26-27 - 05.12.2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve Cecil Comstock, Shani Hillard, and Jessica Burton as Assistant Treasurers for Fiscal Year 2026-27 and further recommends approval of the attached Bank Signature Resolution for fiscal year 2026-27. VII.R.
                                Acceptance of School Activity Fund Budget Summary for Fiscal Year 2026-27 Rationale The submission of School Activity Fund Budgets as referenced in the Accounting Procedures for Kentucky School Activity Funds ("Redbook") is required by 702 KAR 3:130, which also prescribes the FSA-3 form to be used for this purpose and submitted to the Board for approval. Through student participation in school activities, there may be fees collected and fundraisers held producing a need to track what is done, thus the need for the Redbook. As stated in the Redbook, district compliance must hold to its minimum standard. However, districts through their local board of education may strengthen and add to any document or procedure that is within the scope of their authority and their responsibility of ensuring an accurate accounting for all financial records, as well as ensuring School Activity Funds are expended as intended. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments School Activity Fund Budget Summary for Principal's Combining Budget 2025-26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Summary of School Activity Fund Budgets for Fiscal Year 2026-27. VII.S.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Routine Banking Services for Fiscal Year 2026-27 Rationale In accordance with our evaluation of Request for Proposal 3156 Banking Services, we present the following items to document our existing contractual agreement with Truist Bank. Designation of Truist Bank, depository bank with interest-bearing accounts during the current agreement. (160.570) Approval of a Depository Bond from Truist Bank, in the amount of 103 percent of current daily balances as shown in the attachment. (KRS 160.570) Authorization to invest funds currently located at Truist Bank. All funds of the Board of Education are invested or deposited in an interest-bearing account. (KRS 66.480) Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments JCBOE Pledge of Collateral Letter 2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve Routine Banking Services for Fiscal Year 2026-27. VII.T.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding VII.T.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision-Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards of less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Marco Muñoz Attachment Attachments Donation and Small Grant Report May 12 2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $68,187.91 to be used as stated in the attachment. VII.T.2.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation Rationale New York Life Insurance Foundation donated $500 to be used by the JCPS Social Emotional Learning Department. BAE Systems donated $4,875 to be used by the Atherton STEM program. St. Thomas Episcopal Church donates $5,000 to be used by the Bates Elementary Library. Shirley's Way donated $10,000 to be used for the JCPS adaptive sports team, Louisville Lightning. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $20,375 from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation to be used as stated in the rationale. VII.T.3.
                                Acceptance of Math Achievement Grant Funds and Approval of Agreement and Assurances with the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale The Kentucky Department of Education (KDE) is awarding Math Achievement Fund grants of $40,000 to Butler, the Academy@ Shawnee, and Valley High Schools, and Farnsley, Johnson, Lassiter, Newburg, Ramsey, Thomas Jefferson, and Western Middle Schools. Grant funds will pay for salary costs, substitutes, education consultants, supplies, supplemental textbooks and study guides, other instructional resources, as well as technology hardware and software necessary to enhance mathematics teaching and learning. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Assurances - Math Achievement Fund KDE Contract MATH ACHIEVEMENT FUND (MAF) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education to accept the Math Achievement Grant Funds from the Kentucky Department of Education and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VII.T.4.
                                Acceptance of Read to Achieve Grant Funds and Approval of Agreement and Assurances with the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale The Kentucky Department of Education is awarding Read to Achieve grants of $70,000 per year for two years to Cane Run Elementary School and Shelby Academy. The total grant award is $280,000. Each school will need to provide an annual match of $70,000. The grant will pay salary and benefit costs and supplies for activities that enhance literacy teaching and learning. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Cane Run KDE RTA Assurances.pdf Contract - KDE  Commonwealth of Kentucky - Read to Achieve FY26 RTA Assurances Shelby Signed.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education to accept the Read to Achieve Grant Funds from the Kentucky Department of Education and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VII.T.5.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the GPD Foundation Rationale The GPD Foundation has awarded the Hawthorne Elementary $800 to purchase equipment for the school’s STEAM Lab. There is no obligation for the District beyond November 6, 2026. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments GRANT APPLICATION - GPD FOUNDATION - HAWTHORNE ELEMENTARY Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $800 from the GPD Foundation and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.T.6.
                                Acceptance of Donation from the Fern Creek Alumni Association for Auditorium Improvements Rationale The Fern Creek Alumni Association will donate the supplies and labor to make improvements to the Fern Creek High School auditorium. Improvements will include new carpet, paint, and the installation of acoustic wall panels. The donation is valued at $25,000. The MOA lays out the terms and conditions of the donation. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - FERN CREEK HS Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a donation from the Fern Creek Alumni Association and authorize the superintendent to sign the attached agreement. VII.U.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements VII.U.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Catholic Charities of Louisville Rationale Catholic Charities of Louisville serves refugee students and families throughout JCPS. Their services include summer programming for new refugee arrivals, case management and family engagement support.  This MOA outlines Agency and JCPS roles in collaboration such as summer programming. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments MOA -Catholic Charities Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Catholic Charities of Louisville and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Data Privacy Agreement with Comprehensive Adult Student Assessment Systems (CASAS) Rationale The attached Data Privacy Agreement (DPA) details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement and will terminate when the services contract terminates. All procedures and processes will be FERPA Compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. Adopting the Comprehensive Adult Student Assessment Systems (CASAS) effectively bridges the gap between foundational education and workforce readiness. By providing a standardized, competency-based framework, this system ensures that adult learners—particularly those in ESL/ELL and Adult Basic Education (ABE) tracks—are measured against national proficiency standards. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments _DPA - Comprehensive Adult Student Assessment Systems (CASAS) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Comprehensive Adult Student Assessment Systems (CASAS) and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Device Transfer Agreement with Digital Promise to Extend the Verizon Innovation Learning Schools Rationale The purpose of this agreement is to serve as a short-term extension of device usage and data plans between Digital Promise and JCPS through June 30, 2026. The extension aligns with the Device Transfer Agreement, under which Ramsey  and Highland Middle School will officially transition to Alumni status effective July 1, 2026, and outlines the terms of device transfers to each school. There is no cost incurred by the District for the agreement. This work directly supports Vison 2020 strategies, 1.1.3-Provide equitable access and 1.1.7-Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments Agreement - Digital Promise Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Agreement with Digital Promise to extend the device agreement for the Verizon Innovation Learning Schools Device Transfer Agreement for Ramsey and Highland Middle Schools and authorize the superintendent sign the same. VII.U.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Elevate Louisville Rationale Elevate Louisville will support The Academy @ Shawnee High School through four program areas: Accredited Classes, Mentoring, Adventure, and College and Career Readiness at no cost to the District. To reduce the impact of racial and economic inequities, the focus will be on leadership development, character education, life skills, and service learning. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Elevate Louisville Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Elevate Louisville and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval Data Privacy Agreement with Follett Software, LLC Rationale This Data Privacy Agreement details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this Agreement and will terminate when the services terminate. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached Agreement. Destiny Discover is the user interface and discovery platform for Follett , our eBook and digital resource vendor. This platform provides a centralized system for students and staff to search, check out, and access eBooks and other digital materials for our school libraries. This work supports Vision 2020 strategies 3.1.2 Improve instructional infrastructure, 1.1.2 Personalize Learning, and 1.1.5 Improve student literacy. Submitted by: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments DPA Follett Software, LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement for Follett Software, LLC. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with International Rescue Committee Rationale International Rescue Committee (IRC) serves refugee student and families throughout JCPS. Their services include summer programming for new refugee arrivals, case management and family engagement support. This Memorandum of Agreement establishes a collaborative framework between the IRC and JCPS to provide specialized summer programming for District students. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments MOA - International Rescue Committee Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the International Rescue Committee and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson Community and Technical College Rationale The core of this agreement with Jefferson Community and Technical College (JCTC) is to provide JCPS Adult Education student s with a direct pathway to college success by recognizing the rigor of their preparatory coursework. By aligning curriculum and expectations, both institutions aim to remove systemic barriers to higher education. This partnership leverages the strengths of both institutions to address local workforce needs. By validating the Student Success competencies—such as digital literacy, academic planning, and study strategies—at the adult education level, JCTC ensures that incoming students are not just enrolled, but are equipped to persist and graduate. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - JCTC -Adult Continuing Education Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson Community and Technical College and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson Community and Technical College Rationale This agreement with Jefferson Community and Technical College (JCTC) is to support the local educational ecosystem by providing a professional and celebratory venue for Kerrick Elementary School’s fifth grade promotion ceremony . The Southwest Campus auditorium provides the necessary capacity and professional audio-visual infrastructure required to host a large-scale promotion ceremony safely and effectively, which may not be available at the elementary site. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - JCTC - KERRICK ELEMENTARY Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson Community & Technical College and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VII.U.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Memorandum of Agreement with Kentucky Refugee Ministries Rationale Kentucky Refugee Ministries serves refugee students and families throughout JCPS. Their services include summer programming for new refugee arrivals, case management, and family engagement support. This MOA outlines Agency and JCPS roles in collaboration such as summer programming. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments MOA - KENTUCKY REFUGEE MINISTRIES Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Kentucky Refugee Ministries and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Understanding with the Office of the Under Secretary of War for Personnel and Readiness, U.S. Department of War, and SkillBridge Provider Rationale The DoW SkillBridge Program provides a structured pathway for eligible and authorized Service members to participate in job training and employment skills training, including apprenticeships and internships, within 180 days of separation from active-duty service to help prepare for employment in the civilian sector. The Military-Civilian Transition Office (MCTO), under the authority of the USW(P&R), executes a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with public and private organizations who then host SkillBridge programs in accordance with the rules, parameters, procedures, and responsibilities outlined in the MOU. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments MOU JCPS Army Career Skills Program-Skillbridge Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Understanding with the Office of the Under Secretary of War for Personnel and Readiness, U.S. Department of War, and SkillBridge Provider and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Amendment to the Data Privacy Agreement with Paloma Learning Rationale Paloma is recommended and sponsored by the Kentucky Department of Education as an online parent resouce for early literacy/at-home support. KDE has made this available to returning JCPS Department of Early Literacy schools. Based on early results, more schools wish to use this product for summer learning and literacy support. This work supports Goals & Guardrails goal 4: 3rd grade Literacy Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments Amendment - DPA - Paloma Learning Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached amendment to the Data Privacy Agreement with Paloma Learning and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of External Auditors Contract Rationale The selection of LBMC is in compliance with Kentucky Model Procurement Code KRS 45A.380. The scope of this audit conforms to state regulations and is in compliance with the Single Audit Program of the federal government. The cost of the audit for year ending June 30, 2026, is $275,600, an increase of $10,600 from last year. Submitted by: Thomas Aberli Attachment Attachments Independent Auditor's Contract 2026-27 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Independent Auditors contract with LBMC, (formerly Strothman & Company), to conduct the audit of all financial statements of the Jefferson County Board of Education for fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. VII.U.13.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Memorandum of Agreement with Bluegrass Community and Technical College Rationale The attached Memorandum of Agreement with Bluegrass Community and Technical College (Migrant Education Center) outlines the coordination of services for JCPS students who qualify for Title 1, Part C migrant education services. The goal is to provide supplemental educational and support services to migrant students, including instruction, monitoring academic progress, and facilitating access to health and transportation resources. With this agreement, JCPS agrees to provide the Migrant Education Center with access to CASCADE (its student data system) for staff to monitor student indicators, provided they have signed parental consent forms on file. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments MOA- BLUEGRASS COMMUNITY & TECHNICAL COLLEGE Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Bluegrass Community and Technical College and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.14.
                                Recommendation for Approval of a Memorandum of Agreement with Bezos Academy Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) is entering into Memorandum of Agreement to provide data with Bezos Academy to support a meaningful, long-term evaluation of the impact of high-quality early childhood programming on student outcomes. As a valued community partner providing free preschool access to JCPS students, this collaboration allows both organizations to better understand how early learning experiences influence academic readiness and long-term success. The attached agreement ensures that data will be used responsibly and in alignment with all applicable privacy protections, including Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and JCPS Institutional Review Board (IRB) requirements. There is not cost to JCPS. This agreement supports Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1.7-Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by:  Dr. Marco Muñoz Attachment Attachments Bezos Academy MOA-5.12.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Bezos Academy regarding data sharing and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VII.U.15.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to Memorandum of Agreement with Independent Electrical Contractors of Kentuckiana Rationale This amendment is to update the payment amount for the original Memorandum of Agreement with Independent Electrical Contractors of Kentuckiana to offer pre-apprenticeship training to high school electrical pathway students. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Amendment - Independent Electrical Contractors of Kentuckiana Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to Memorandum of Agreement with Independent Electrical Contractors of Kentuckiana and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.16.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Data Privacy Agreement with Panorama Education, Inc Rationale The attached Data Privacy Agreement (DPA) details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement and will terminate when the services contract terminates. All procedures and processes will be FERPA Compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. Panorama Education, Inc provides a Student Success Platform which includes behavior analytics, core assessments, interventions, progress monitoring, and virtual consultation. The implementation of this unified data management system is driven by the need for centralized visibility and high-fidelity analysis of student performance within the Academy model. By consolidating disparate data streams into a single, secure environment, JCPS provides Academy teams with the infrastructure necessary for data-driven decision-making. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments DPA Panorama Education Inc _Student Success Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Panorama Education, Inc and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.U.17.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memoranda of Agreement with the Jefferson County Teachers Association and authorize the superintendent sign the same. VII.U.18.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Data Privacy Agreement with Chartflow Rationale The attached Data Privacy Agreement (DPA) details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement and will terminate when the services contract terminates. All procedures and processes will be FERPA Compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. The primary objective of this agreement is to create a secure, "sandboxed" environment where Allied Health and Patient Care Technician (PCT) students can develop clinical competency without compromising the privacy of actual patients or the integrity of district data. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments DPA - ChartFlow LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Chartflow and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Shortened School Days and/or Weeks for Four Exceptional Child Education Students Rationale The Kentucky Administrative Regulations, as outlined in the Exceptional Child Education (ECE) Policies and Procedures Manual, require that any shortened school day and/or week be submitted to the Board of Education for approval. This Board action is subject to student confidentiality requirements in accordance with the policies and procedures set forth in Chapter 9: Confidentiality of Information. Following approval by the Board of Education, the request will be submitted to the Kentucky Department of Education (KDE), Office of Special Education and Early Learning. The District must maintain the following documentation for all shortened school days and/or weeks approved by the Local Board of Education: Approval by the Local Board of Education (student confidentiality procedures must be followed when listing student information in Board minutes); Minutes of the Admissions and Release Committee (ARC) meeting documenting the ARC determination that a shortened school day and/or week is required; A copy of the student’s Individual Education Program (IEP) documenting the shortened school day and/or week; A copy of the physician’s statement verifying medical necessity. Per regulation, the following students are identified using confidential student identifiers: SSD011, SSD012, SSD013, and SSDW014. Student SSD011 has a documented medical condition, supported by a physician’s statement, which necessitates a 3-hour and 35-minute school day, five days per week (Monday–Friday). All appropriate ECE procedures have been followed. The student is served in a resource room within a special school setting. Student SSD012 has a documented medical condition, supported by a physician’s statement, which necessitates a 3-hour and 35-minute school day, five days per week (Monday–Friday). All appropriate ECE procedures have been followed. The student is served in a resource room within a special school setting. Student SSD013 has a documented medical condition, supported by a physician’s statement, which necessitates a 4-hour and 20-minute school day, five days per week (Monday–Friday). All appropriate ECE procedures have been followed. The student is served in a resource room within a special school setting. Student SSDW014 has a documented medical condition, supported by a physician’s statement, which necessitates a 2-hour school day, two days per week (Monday and Thursday). All appropriate ECE procedures have been followed. The student is served in a resource room within a special school setting. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education approve shortened school days for three Exceptional Child Education students and a shortened school day and week for one Exceptional Child Education student. VII.W.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Student Support and Behavior Intervention Handbook for the 2026-2027 School Year (Second Reading) Rationale KRS 158.148 requires a school district to adopt a Code of Acceptable Behavior and Discipline (Code) and establishes a timeline and process for the development and revision of the Code. In accordance with Board Policy 09.438, the District refers to its Code as the Student Support and Behavior Intervention Handbook (SSBIH). In alignment with board policy, we conducted a major revision cycle with the SSBIH Review Committee for the 2025-2026 handbook revisions. We will conduct another major revision cycle with the SSBIH Committee for the 2027-2028 handbook revisions. The changes for 2026-27 reflect legislative updates and alignment with the new district organizational structure. The draft mark-up of the 2026-2027 SSBIH and an overview of changes by page number is attached. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachments Attachments DRAFT SSBI Handbook 26 27 DRAFT Student Support And Behavior Intervention Itemized Changes 2026 2027 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Student Support and Behavior Intervention Handbook and the Student Bill of Rights for the 2026-2027 school year. VII.X.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Turnaround Plans for Comprehensive Support and Improvement Schools Rationale Beginning in the 2025-26 school year, the Turnaround Plans for schools identified as Comprehensive Support and Improvement (CSI) are subject to review and approval by the local board of education as outlined in KRS 160.346 and 703 KAR 5:280. The plans include evidence-based interventions to be used to increase student performance and address the critical needs identified in the school audit; list of persons involved in turnaround efforts; and resources identified for school improvement. The attachment includes a link to the list of turnaround plans and team forms for the following CSI schools that received their diagnostic review reports: Atkinson Elementary, Cochran Elementary, Hudson Middle, Johnson Traditional Middle, Rutherford Elementary, Cane Run Elementary, Byck Elementary and Shelby Elementary. The turnaround plans for the remaining CSI schools will be submitted for approval after they receive their diagnostic review reports and complete their plans. This project aligns with Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1.7, Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Marco Muñoz Attachments Attachments Atkinson Academy Notification Team Form Atkinson Academy Turnaround Pla with Addedum Byck Elementary Notification Team Form Byck Elementary Turnaround Plan with Addendum Cane Run Elementary Notification Team Form Cane Run Elementary Turnaround Plan with Addendum Cochran Elementary Notification Team Form Cochran Elementary Turnaround Plan with Addendum Dr. J. Blaine Hudson Middle Notification Team Form Dr. J. Blaine Hudson Middle Turnaround Plan with Addendum Johnson MS Notification Team Form Johnson MS Turnaround Plan with Addendum Rutherford Elementary  Notification Team Form Rutherford Elementary Turnaround Plan with Addendum Shelby Academy Notification Team Form Shelby Academy Turnaround Plan with Addendum Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Turnaround Plans for the Comprehensive Support and Improvement Schools. VII.Y.
                                Recommendation for Approval of 2026-27 Student Progression, Promotion, and Graduation Handbooks Rationale The District establishes uniform standard procedures for assessing learning, grading, progression, and promotion of students in the elementary, middle, and high school levels. These procedures are reviewed and approved annually by the Board. A broad-based 50/50 committee, with subcommittees for each level (elementary, middle, and high school) reviewed and revised the documents for 2026-2027. The changes are highlighted in the marked up versions. The final documents will be distributed to schools and available via the website subsequent to the Board’s approval. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments 2026-27 SPP&G Recommendations SPPG Summary of Changes for 26_27 Mark-up 2026-27 Elementary_School_SPP 04-30-2026 SPP_Elementary 04-30-2026 Mark-Up 2026-27 Middle_School_SPP  04-30-2026 SPP_Middle 26 04-30-2026 Mark-Up 2026-27 High_School_SPPG 04-30-2026 SPPG_High 26 04-30-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached revised Elementary, Middle, and High School Student Progression, Promotion, and Graduation Handbooks for the 2026-2027 school year. VIII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) IX.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education.