KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County January 20, 2026 5:30 PM Special Meeting: Executive Session Secure Return I.
                                Call to Order Rationale This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Video II.
                                Enter Closed Executive Session for Discussions Regarding Pending Litigation Pursuant to KRS 61.810(1)(c) Actions Taken Order #2026-1 - Motion Passed: A motion that the Board conduct a closed session to have discussions regarding pending litigation pursuant to KRS 61.810(1)(c) passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. III.
                                Adjourn from Executive Session Actions Taken Order #2026-2 - Motion Passed: A motion that the Board of Education adjourn from Executive Session and return to Open Session passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. IV.
                                Possible Consideration of a Motion on Pending Litigation Actions Taken Order #2026-3 - Motion Passed: A motion to authorize Board counsel to proceed with the recommended legal resolution strategy outlined by counsel for the pending matters identified in closed session and pursuant to counsel-recommended terms discussed in closed session passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. James Craig. V.
                                Adjournment Actions Taken Order #2026-4 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the special meeting at 6:01 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan.