KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County March 10, 2026 6:00 PM Regular Business Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Moment of Silence Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. II.
                                The Pledge of Allegiance II.A.
                                Vision Statement Rationale All Jefferson County Public School students graduate prepared, empowered, and inspired to reach their full potential and contribute as thoughtful, responsible citizens of our diverse, shared world. III.
                                Recognitions and Resolutions Actions Taken Order #2026-32 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the recognitions for March 10, 2026. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. III.A.
                                Recognition of JCPS Police Officer Bruce Turner for Helping During an Apartment Fire Rationale When Bruce Turner, a JCPS SRO, was driving home from his shift, he saw a commotion. An apartment building on Westport Road was filled with black smoke. Turner ran into the burning building to help. There was an LMPD officer in the building, and he warned her that the building was going to be engulfed in flames. A few minutes later, it was. He said about the event, “I’m not special. Anyone would’ve done the same thing.” Fortunately, none of the residents inside the building were injured. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize JCPS Officer Bruce Turner for springing into action while he was off duty. III.B.
                                Recognition of duPont Manual Student Mihira Tangelloju for Being a YoungArts Competition Winner Rationale Mihira Tangelloju is a sophomore at duPont Manual High School who has been playing jazz piano for about six years. During the COVID-19 pandemic, she discovered jazz through YouTube videos and developed a strong interest in the genre, as well as a passion for learning jazz piano. This all led to Mihira being named a YoungArts National Competition Award Winner in Jazz Piano. She was selected from thousands of applicants nationwide by a panel of artists through a multi-round evaluation process. Every year, thousands of performing, visual, and literary artists aged 15-18 apply to YoungArts through its national competition. Award winners with distinction attend National YoungArts Week to collaborate with peers and develop their crafts with internationally recognized leaders in their fields. As a YoungArts Award winner, she’ll gain access to national workshops, receive mentorship opportunities, and performance experiences. She’ll also become a part of a network of distinguished young artists. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize duPont Manual student Mihira Tangelloju for representing Manual on the national stage. III.C.
                                Recognition of All 27 Early Childhood Locations Earning Family Friendly Certification Rationale On November 17, 2025, all 27 Early Childhood locations were recognized for earning Family Friendly Certification through the Pritchard Committee. Additionally, Dawson Orman was recognized for earning Gold-Level Certification, the highest distinction. Family Friendly Certification recognizes districts and programs that demonstrate a strong, ongoing commitment to partnering with families in ways that support children’s success and strengthen communities. This recognition reflects intentional work to build trust with families, listen to their perspectives, and make meaningful improvements based on family feedback. To earn certification, schools and programs must complete a rigorous, multi-step process, including: Achieving a Level 3 overall score on the Family Friendly Self-Assessment Establishing a Family Engagement Action Team that includes family partners Completing professional learning to build a shared understanding of family engagement practices Implementing an evaluation process for continuous improvement and outreach Submitting evidence of effective family partnerships for external review This certification process is designed to support continuous improvement and to recognize the important work happening in early childhood programs. Through reflection and intentional partnership, our Early Childhood locations continue to strengthen family engagement practices to ensure environments are welcoming, inclusive, and supportive for all families. The principals to be recognized are the following: Heather Brumback - Dawson Orman - Gold Certification Michelle Seadler - George Unseld Early Childhood Brian Clark (manager) - Duvalle Education Center Jasmine Thornton - Westport Early Childhood Emily Allen - Shacklette and Hazelwood Early Childhood - Split Centers Andrea Grisby - McFerran and Tully Early Childhood - Split Centers Kelly Shuff - Thomas Jefferson and Gheens Early Childhood - Split Centers Ashley Thomas, Stephanie Breedlove, and Melanie French - All EC Elementary Locations Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize all 27 ECE locations for being Family Friendly Certified. III.D.
                                Recognition of Brown In-School Security Monitor Josh Luttrell for Jumping into Action and Saving a Student from Choking Rationale Shortly after winter break, during lunch time at the J. Graham Brown School, Josh Luttrell noticed a student with their hands close to their neck, displaying the signs of choking. He rushed over to them, and as he describes, gave her three pats on the back, and the mozzarella stick was spit out. He says about the action, “We’re trained to do this stuff,” adding that as a coach of two sports at Brown, girls’ basketball and girls’ soccer, those instincts to jump into action “just kick in naturally.” He says the best-case scenario is patting on the back, working the first time. After the student was taken to the nurse, they went back to lunch and finished their meal. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize Brown’s Josh Luttrell for saving a student from choking at lunch. III.E.
                                Recognition of Louisville Male High School Boys’ Basketball for Winning the King of the Bluegrass Holiday Classic for the First Time Since 2007 Rationale The Male Bulldogs boys’ basketball team took down Saint X to take home the 2025 King of the Bluegrass Holiday Classic trophy. Male sophomore Jordan Mitchell scored a game-high 26 points, which earned him the Bob White Most Valuable Player award. The Bulldogs played the preseason top three teams in the state en route to this trophy. Fairdale High School has hosted the King of the Bluegrass tournament almost every year since 1981, taking off in 2020 due to the pandemic. This is Male’s fourth K.O.B. title and its first since 2007. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize Male’s boys’ basketball team for winning the King of the Bluegrass Holiday Classic. III.F.
                                Recognition of duPont Manual High School’s Dance Team, The Dazzlers, for Winning Its Seventh Consecutive State Championship Rationale The duPont Manual High School Dazzlers just got back from competing for a national title in Orlando, Florida! The Dazzlers won their seventh consecutive KHSAA state championship, and this year they earned a spot at the National Dance Team Championship. The team competed for a national title in Small: Hip-Hop, Pom, and Gameday. The Dazzlers won state in Hip-Hop and came in fourth in Gameday, and they won the regional in both categories. Head coach Kirstie Adanick has been the head coach for nine years and won two national titles in 2018 and 2020, and the team is consistently ranked in the top 10 nationally for Hip-Hop dance. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize The Manual High Dazzlers for winning another state championship and competing for a national title. III.G.
                                Recognition of duPont Manual Senior Trisha Paily for Being Selected as the Distinguished Young Woman of Kentucky Rationale duPont Manual High School senior Trisha Paily competed against high school seniors from all over the commonwealth, across all 120 counties, to earn this honor. She also won first place in the Overall Interview and Self-Expression category. When you look up “Distinguished Young Women of Kentucky” on Facebook, her face is the profile picture. Along with a $7,500 cash scholarship, she’ll also represent Kentucky at the National Distinguished Young Women of America competition this summer in Mobile, Alabama. The Distinguished Young Women is the oldest and largest scholarship program for high school girls. Last year, more than $1.4 billion in cash tuition and college-granted scholarships were available nationwide. Last year’s winner received a $35,000 scholarship, and runner-ups received between $5,000 and $10,000 in scholarship money. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize Trisha Paily for being selected as the Distinguished Young Woman of Kentucky. III.H.
                                Recognition of the J. Graham Brown School for Being Named a 2026 Magnet School of Distinction Rationale The Magnet Schools of America named the J. Graham Brown School a 2026 Magnet School of Distinction Winner. The category Brown earned its distinction in is Self-Directed Learning Magnet. The school earned perfect scores in a number of areas in the criteria to earn this honor. To receive a national merit award, members of Magnet Schools of America must submit a detailed application that is scored by a panel of educators. These schools are judged and scored on their demonstrated ability to raise student academic achievement, promote racial and socioeconomic diversity, provide integrated curricula and instruction, and create strong family and community partnerships that enhance the school’s magnet theme. Brown is invited to Magnet Schools of America’s annual conference in San Diego, where they’ll receive a plaque to commemorate the school’s success. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize the J. Graham Brown School for being named a 2026 Magnet School of Distinction Winner. III.I.
                                Recognition of Echo Trail Middle School and duPont Manual High School as Winners of the 2025-26 NASA TechRise Student Challenge Rationale In January, Echo Trail Middle School was named one of the 60 winners of this school year’s NASA TechRise Student Challenge, in the High-Altitude Balloon category. They are the only middle school from Kentucky to earn this honor. At the same time, duPont Manual High School was named one of the 60 winners in the Suborbital Spaceship category. Next up for Echo Trail and Manual, the teams will turn their proposed science and technology experiment into reality ahead of the NASA-sponsored flight tests this summer. Echo Trail’s experiment will fly on a high-altitude balloon, operated by World View Enterprises of Tucson, Arizona and Manual’s experiment will fly on a suborbital spaceship operated by Virgin Galactic of Tustin, California. This year, NASA received the highest number of entries, with the winning teams including more than 370 students from 52 states and territories. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan The winning team will each receive $1,500 to build their experiments, a starter kit, including a flight box to help build their experiment, an assigned spot to test their experiment on a NASA-sponsored flight, and technical support during the experiment build phase in May. Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize Echo Trail Middle School as one of the 60 winners of the 2025-26 NASA TechRise Student Challenge. III.J.
                                Recognition of Pleasure Ridge Park High School, J. Graham Brown School, and Ballard High School’s Student Magazines for Earning National Recognition Rationale The student magazines at Pleasure Ridge Park High School, J. Graham Brown School, and Ballard High School have been recognized by the National Council of Teachers of English (NCTE) REALM (Recognizing Excellence in Art and Literary Magazines) Awards. Ballard’s, Collage, earned REALM First Class honors. PRP’s, the Pulse, earned Superior honors, and Brown’s, Tunnel Tourists: Phase, earned excellent honors. This is the second straight year PRP has been recognized, and the third straight year Brown has been recognized by this governing body. This year, 44 states, Washington D.C., and six countries nominated 456 student magazines, including middle school, high school, and higher education levels. These three schools were the only ones from the entire commonwealth to earn these honors. Submitted by Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education recognize Pleasure Ridge Park High School’s, Ballard High School’s, and J. Graham Brown School’s student magazines for earning national honors. III.K.
                                Recognition of 20 JCPS Educators Who Earned National Board Certification in 2025 Rationale An incredible 20 JCPS educators earned National Board Certification in 2025 through the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards. National Board Certification is the most respected professional certification available in education and provides numerous benefits to teachers, students, and schools. It was designed to develop, retain, and recognize accomplished teachers and to generate ongoing improvement in schools nationwide. Congratulations to: Alexander Aldridge - Doss High - Music/Early Adolescence through Young Adulthood Joanny Billings - Eastern High - World Languages/Early Adolescence through Young Adulthood Kate Black - Wellington Elementary - Literacy: Reading-Language Arts/Early and Middle Childhood Reagan Busse - Wheeler Elementary - Literacy: Reading-Language Arts/Early and Middle Childhood Tiffanie Combs - Norton Elementary - English as a New Language/Early and Middle Childhood Dion Copeland -The Academy at Shawnee - Social Studies - History/Early Adolescence Hui Couch - Newcomer Academy - Mathematics/Early Adolescence Timothy Davis - Ballard High - English as a New Language/Early Adolescence through Young Adulthood Lisa DeLorenzo - Lowe Elementary - Literacy: Reading-Language Arts/Early and Middle Childhood Seth Hollander - Gutermuth Elementary - Literacy: Reading-Language Arts/Early and Middle Childhood Robyn Hutchinson - Auburndale Elementary - Generalist/Early Childhood Hannah Jewell - Stopher Elementary - Generalist/Middle Childhood Destiny Lane - Portland Elementary - Literacy: Reading-Language Arts/Early and Middle Childhood Jessica Mains - Smyrna Elementary - Literacy: Reading-Language Arts/Early and Middle Childhood Sara Queen - Cane Run Elementary - Generalist/Middle Childhood Abigail Riley - Fern Creek High - English Language Arts/Adolescence and Young Adulthood Ashley Roller - Gutermuth Elementary - Literacy: Reading-Language Arts/Early and Middle Childhood Dr. Amy Sarmiento - Ballard High - School Counseling/Early Childhood through Young Adulthood Marissa Spurlock - Byck Elementary - Physical Education/Early and Middle Childhood Erin Wilson - Semple Elementary - Generalist/Middle Childhood Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize 20 JCPS educators who earned National Board Certification in 2025. IV.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 3 10 26 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2026-33 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda for March 10, 2026. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2026-34 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Minutes of February 10th, 13th, and 27th.  passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. VI.
                                Superintendent's Report VII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . VIII.
                                Action Items VIII.A.
                                Recommendation for Approval of a Resolution Regarding a Collaboration to Study the Safety and Placement of School Bus Stops in Relation to Street Lighting Rationale Ensuring adequate street lighting at and near school bus stops would promote the safety of District students on their way to and from school. This resolution directs the Superintendent or designee to collaborate with Louisville Metro Government and Louisville Gas & Electric to study the safety of street lighting in relation to school bus stops in Louisville/Jefferson County. The study would include an evaluation of current conditions as well as the feasibility of potential solutions. Submitted by Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Resolution Regarding Study of Street Lighting for JCPS Bus Stops v2 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve a resolution regarding a collaboration between Jefferson County Public Schools, Louisville Gas & Electric, and Louisville Metro Government to study the safety and placement of school bus stops in relation to street lighting in the Louisville Metro Area. Actions Taken Order #2026-35 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve a resolution regarding a collaboration between Jefferson County Public Schools, Louisville Gas & Electric, and Louisville Metro Government to study the safety and placement of school bus stops in relation to street lighting in the Louisville Metro Area. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. James Craig. IX.
                                Information Items IX.A.
                                Acceptance of the Plante Moran Board Requested Fiscal Administration and Budget Shortfall Assessment Rationale At the request of the Board of Education, an independent assessment was conducted to examine the District’s fiscal administration practices and to identify systemic factors contributing to the budget shortfall. The assessment focused on governance, financial management, budgeting and forecasting practices, procurement and contract oversight, and related controls, with the objective of identifying root causes, structural risks, and areas for improvement rather than evaluating individual programs or making specific budget reduction decisions. Plante Moran was engaged to perform this work and will present the results of its assessment. Submitted by: May Porter Attachments JCPS March 2026 Board Presentation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on the Plante Moran Board Requested Fiscal Administration and Budget Shortfall Assessment. Actions Taken Order #2026-36 - Motion Passed: A motion that the Board of Education direct Dr. Yearwood to procure via RFP a qualified professional consulting firm to advise the District on remedying the deficiencies found in the recent financial and budgeting process audits passed with a motion by Dr. Corrie Shull and a second by Mr. James Craig. IX.B.
                                Acceptance of the School-Based Cell Phone Policy Implementation Review (Mid-Year) Report Rationale Pursuant to Board Policy, Internal Audit initiated a review of the District’s school-based cell phone policy implementation to assess mid-year implementation progress and fidelity. The review focuses on whether key procedural requirements and implementation expectations established by the Board and administration have been followed across schools, including policy adoption, communication, and required approvals. The mid-year report is intended to provide the Board with an interim, high-level assessment of implementation status and consistency, identify areas where additional clarification or support may be needed, and inform ongoing implementation efforts. This review does not evaluate disciplinary outcomes or enforcement impacts; those elements are planned for consideration as part of the year-end review once a full implementation period has occurred. Submitted by: May Porter Attachment Attachments SB Cell Phone Midyear Internal Audit Presentation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the School-Based Cell Phone Policy Implementation Review (Mid-Year) Report. Actions Taken Order #2026-37 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the School-Based Cell Phone Policy Implementation Review (Mid-Year) Report. The recommendation passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. X.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2026-38 - Motion Passed: A motion that the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar minus: X.C.3 Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Exceptional Child Education, and X.R.7 Approval of a Memorandum of Agreement between the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCBE) and the Jefferson County Association of Educational Support Personnel/American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees on behalf of Local 4011; passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. Order #2026-39 - Motion Failed: A motion that the Board of Education approve consent item X.C.3 Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Exceptional Child Education, failed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. Order #2026-40 - Motion Passed: A motion that the Board of Education direct the superintendent to return to the bargaining table with all affected stakeholder groups and craft a new recommendation that can curry support with the Board of Education passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. X.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2026-03-10.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. X.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2026-03-10.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. X.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions X.C.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Academics Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ACADEMICS 2026-03-10 (3) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). X.C.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Administration Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ADMINISTRATION 2026-03-10 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). X.C.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Exceptional Child Education Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ECE 2026-03-10 Job Descriptions 3/10 ECE Org Charts 2026-02-10   3/10 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). X.D.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on March 10, 2026. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments FIELD TRIP REQUESTS: APPROVED BY THE SUPERINTENDENT 3-10-2026 FIELD TRIPS 03-10-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. X.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Projects, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Forms X.E.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Career and Technical Education Lab Renovation at Jeffersontown High School Rationale This project will consist of dividing and renovating an existing room to create a Career and Technical Education lab. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Jeffersontown HS - CTE Lab Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of McCulloch Associates Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Career and Technical Education Lab Renovation at Jeffersontown High School, for an estimated project cost for $200,000. X.E.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Alex R. Kennedy Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 70 roof squares in Sections 3, 4, and 5. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Alex R. Kennedy ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of McCulloch Associates Inc. and Environmental Concerns, Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Roof Replacement at Alex R. Kennedy Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $267,775. X.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bids and Revised BG-1 Forms X.F.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Phase I HVAC Renovation at Atkinson Elementary School Rationale This project will replace the entire HVAC system, electrical switchgear, partial roof replacement, security, fire alarm, ceilings, and lights. Minor architectural renovations may occur. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved KNBA to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-001. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 3, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Atkinson ES - Phase I HVAC Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to EH Construction, LLC for Phase I HVAC Renovation at Atkinson Elementary School for the low base bid of $10,260,000; reject Alternates 1 and 3; accept Alternate 2 for a total bid of $10,260,000; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $11,665,000. X.F.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Coral Ridge Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 201 squares of roof in Sections 1, 4, and 5. On July 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-010. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 4, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Coral Ridge ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Coral Ridge Elementary School for the low base bid of $473,780; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $534,000. X.F.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Chenoweth Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 77 squares of roof in Sections 1 and 3. On July 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-009. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 6, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Chenoweth ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract American Roofing & Metal Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Chenoweth Elementary School for the low base bid of $192,095; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $221,000. X.F.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Doss High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 301 squares of roof in Sections 4, 7, 9, and 10. On July 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-011. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 4, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Doss HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Doss High School for the low base bid of $638,587; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $715,500. X.F.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 129 squares of roof in Section 4. On July 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-012. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 5, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Jeffersontown HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown High School for the low base bid of $358,890; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $406,000. X.F.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Boiler Replacement at Eastern High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-002. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 3, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Eastern HS - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Walker Mechanical Contractors, Inc. for Boiler Replacement at Eastern High School for the low base bid of $458,800; reject Alternates 1; accept Alternate 2 for a total bid of $460,600; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $526,500. X.F.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Lift Station Replacement at Marion C. Moore School Rationale This project will consist of the replacement of the existing sanitary sewer lift station. On August 19, 2025, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-047. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 13, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Marion C. Moore School - Lift Station Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract E-Z Construction Co., Inc. for Lift Station Replacement at Marion C. Moore School for the low base bid of $225,370; accept Alternate 1 for a total bid of $235,370; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $274,500. X.F.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Norton Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 240 squares of roof in Sections 1, 2A, 2B, 2C, 4, and 7. On July 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-013. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 5, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Norton ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Norton Elementary School for the low base bid of $588,815; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $660,500. X.F.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Price Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 256 squares of roof in Sections 1 and 4. On July 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-014. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 5, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Price ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract American Roofing & Metal Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Price Elementary School for the low base bid of $635,150; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $711,500. X.F.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Operable Partition Replacement at Various Schools Rationale This project will consist of replacing the operable partitions between the gym and cafeteria at Luhr and Rangeland Elementary Schools. On September 2, 2025, the Board of Education approved Tony Kleyer, Architect to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-048. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 4, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Various Schools - Operable Partition Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Derek Engineering, Inc. for Operable Partition Replacement at Various Schools for the low base bid of $153,468; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $177,000. X.F.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Western High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing 190 squares of roof in Sections 4, 5, and 6. On July 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-015. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on February 6, 2026.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Western HS - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Deer Park Roofing, LLC for Partial Roof Replacement at Western High School for the low base bid of $483,316; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $544,000. X.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Revised BG-1 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at duPont Manual High School Rationale On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved Pickett Passafiume Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-006. On March 18, 2025, the Board of Education approved awarding a contract to Haire Construction, LLC. In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires revision of the BG-1 form when change orders exceed the budgeted contingency amount. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 duPont Manual HS - Athletic Stadium Renovation - CO Contingency Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached revised BG-1 form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at duPont Manual High School in the amount of $3,538,000. X.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Reassignment of Architect/Engineer for Secure Vestibule at Fern Creek Elementary School Rationale On September 16, 2025, the Board of Education approved Potter Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-086. Following completion of the design services, Potter Architects retired and ceased operations. To ensure continuity of services, Potter Architects entered into a Project Assignment and Transition Agreement dated January 30, 2026, with LMH Architecture, PLLC, transferring its remaining projects to LMH Architecture with the owner’s consent. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  A contract will be issued with LMH Architecture, PPLC for the remaining bid, construction administration, and final phases of the project with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the reassignment of the architect/engineer from Potter Architects to LMH Architecture, PLLC for the Secure Vestibule at Fern Creek Elementary School. X.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 3-10-26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. X.J.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-1 Forms to Dispose of the Real Property and Declare the Real Property as Surplus to the Educational Program Needs of the District X.J.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-1 Form to Dispose of the Real Property and Declare the Real Property as Surplus to the Educational Program Needs of the District at King Elementary School Rationale The mailing address of King Elementary School is 4325 Vermont Avenue; with the property being located on the following tracts of land having addresses of: • 4312, 4434, and 4436 Michigan Avenue • 501, 503, 507, 511, 515, 517, and 519 Southwestern Parkway • 4315, 4319, 4319 4323, and 4325 Vermont Avenue • 4310, 4325, and 4440 W. Muhammad Ali Boulevard The disposal does not affect the integrity or usefulness of property crucial to the educational needs of the district. The BG-1 form is the official request for permission from the Kentucky Department of Education to dispose of the property by auction or sale. The Kentucky Department of Education requires that the real property be designated as surplus to meet the requirements of 702 KAR 4:090 Property Disposal. The project directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 King ES - Site Disposition Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the BG-1 form to dispose of the real property at King Elementary School, which has a mailing address of 4325 Vermont Avenue, and is located on the addresses listed in the rational, and to declare the real property as surplus to the educational needs of the District as determined by the effective district facility plan. X.J.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-1 Form to Dispose of the Real Property and Declare the Real Property as Surplus to the Educational Program Needs of the District at Roosevelt-Perry Elementary School Rationale The mailing address of Roosevelt-Perry Elementary School (currently housing Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence) is 1615 W. Broadway; with the property being located on the following tracts of land having addresses of: • 1601, 1615, and 1619 W. Broadway The disposal does not affect the integrity or usefulness of property crucial to the educational needs of the district. The BG-1 form is the official request for permission from the Kentucky Department of Education to dispose of the property by auction or sale. The Kentucky Department of Education requires that the real property be designated as surplus to meet the requirements of 702 KAR 4:090 Property Disposal. The project directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Roosevelt-Perry ES - Site Disposition Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the BG-1 form to dispose of the real property at Roosevelt-Perry Elementary School (currently housing Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence), which has a mailing address of 1615 W. Broadway, and is located on the addresses listed in the rational, and to declare the real property as surplus to the educational needs of the District as determined by the effective district facility plan. X.K.
                                Notification of Utility Easement at Seneca High School Rationale The Louisville Gas & Electric easement for Seneca High School is to provide new underground electrical service for the new school building project. The granting of the above easements will not affect the integrity or usefulness of the property crucial to the educational needs of the District. These items directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Notification of Easement - Seneca HS - LG&E - Blue Stamp 2-3-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive notice of a Utility Easement at Seneca High School. X.L.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. Submitted by:  Edward D. Muns Attachments Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendments. X.M.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 03.10.26 (2) 01 - Waterford Institute (FY25-26 & 26-27) 02 - Drama by George (FY26) 03 - Ky Dance Council Inc, dba Louisville Ballet (FY26) 04 - Urban Barbers of Louisville (FY26) 05 - Chef II Impress, LLC. (FY26) 06 - Ky Shakespeare Festival, Inc. (FY26) (1) 07 - Girls on The Run of Louisville, Inc. (FY26) 08 - Catapult Learning LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. X.N.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025, and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $20,000. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 03.10.2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. X.O.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer X.O.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 01.19.26 - 02.15.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of January 19, 2026, through February 15, 2026. X.O.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 01.19.26 - 02.15.26 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 01.19.26 - 02.15.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of January 19, 2026, through February 15, 2026. X.O.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 01.19.26 - 02.15.26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of January 19, 2026, through February 15, 2026. X.P.
                                Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Period Ended January 31, 2026 Rationale This report is provided to the Board per KRS 160.560 and Board Policy 04.31 Fiscal Accounting and Reporting . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Board Financials_01.26 Notes of Interest_JANUARY 2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Monthly Financial Report for the period ending January 31, 2026. X.Q.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding X.Q.1.
                                Acceptance of Small Grants and Donations Rationale Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision-Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards of less than $50,000. Submitted by: Interim Chief of ARSI, Tamara Lewis Attachment Attachments Donation and Small Grant Report March 10 2026 Final Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $104,868.65 to be used as stated in the attachment. X.Q.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the Kentucky Department of Education and Acceptance of Grant Funds Rationale The Kentucky Department of Education (KDE) SPARK grant provides $75,000 in funding to support postsecondary achievement and expand resources for Kentucky students with disabilities. Acceptance of this grant will allow the District to strengthen transition services, improve access to supports, and enhance postsecondary readiness for participating students. The grant period is March 23, 2026, through June 30, 2027. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attached Attachments Contract - KDE -Spark - Revised Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Kentucky Department of Education and accept SPARK Grant funding totaling $75,000 and authorize the Superintendent to sign same. X.Q.3.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation Rationale Brown Forman Foundation donated $30,000 to support the Compassionate Schools Project. Robert and Susan Davis donated $100 to support the JCPS adaptive sports team, Louisville Lightning. Catherine Miller donated $1,000 to support the JCPS adaptive sports team, Louisville Lightning. Nancy Simpson donated $1,000 to support the JCPS adaptive sports team, Louisville Lighnting. Submitted by Edward D. Muns Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $32,100 from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation to be used as stated in the rationale. X.R.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements X.R.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the National Career Academy Coalition Rationale The National Career Academy Coalition (NCAC) is an on-site seminar designed to provide in-depth exploration of the College and Career Academy Model. The events take place on-site at 15 Academy High schools. The attendees learn how Model Academies have been embedded in National Standards of Practice successfully. The program provides opportunities for expansion of career opportunities for JCPS students. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - NCAC Inc Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the National Career Academy Coalition and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.R.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Data Privacy Agreement with Solid Professor Rationale Solid Professor is an industry-standard computer-aided design (CAD) software used in engineering, manufacturing, and STEM industries. Its use in CTE programs allows students to develop real-world skills in 3D modeling, design, and problem solving through authentic, project-based learning. Providing access to Solid Professor aligns instruction with industry certifications, postsecondary programs, and workforce expectations while supporting JCPS’s mission of career readiness. The agreement is effective from March 11, 2026, to March 10, 2029. Submitting by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments DPA- Solid Professor LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Solid Professor LLC and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.R.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreement with Stryder Corp. dba Handshake Rationale This premium Handshake subscription will empower the Human Resources Division with advanced tools to optimize the recruitment process by unlocking premium search filters, including work experience, organizations, skills, and work authorization, for highly targeted candidate identification while assisting in finding individuals with specific qualifications and experience. Additional features are included to support diversity and inclusion efforts. Employers gain access to filters reflecting candidates' self-reported diversity data, enabling outreach for open positions, and promoting a diverse workforce. Enhanced messaging capabilities allow for personalized campaigns reaching up to 5,000 recipients per send, selected using the premium search filters, and includes tools for promoting and executing Handshake-managed events with similar reach. Comprehensive analytics provide on-demand reporting on campaign performance, employer engagement, event success, and candidate demographics, allowing employers to track the effectiveness of their recruitment strategies. A dedicated account management dashboard allows admin users to monitor usage information across employer accounts, and a Handshake expert provides personalized training and ongoing support, ensuring staff can effectively utilize the platform. This subscription will enable the district to host and promote their own video events, independent of career fairs, driving talent to these events with customizable, automated campaigns. This feature is particularly useful for hosting virtual job fairs or information sessions for prospective candidates. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Agreement - Handshake - Blue Stamp Handshake Signed Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Agreement with Stryder Corp. dba Handshake and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. X.R.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Student Teacher Agreement with the Western Governors University Rationale In accordance with administrative regulation 16 KAR 5:040 Admission, Placement, and Supervision in Student Teaching , promulgated by the Kentucky Education Professional Standards Board (EPSB), the District has an established and ongoing agreement with the Western Governors University regarding student teaching. This agreement is to be effective January 1, 2026, through December 31, 2026. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Student Teacher Agreement - Western Governors University Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Student Teacher Agreement with the Western Governors University and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.R.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the University of Louisville Rationale This agreement establishes a cooperative partnership with the University of Louisville to provide American Sign Language (ASL) Interpreting Studies students with supervised, hands-on experience while supporting JCPS students. By expanding the availability of interpreters, the District strengthens its commitment to equitable outcomes for students who are deaf and hard of hearing. The agreement is effective from March 11, 2026, through June 30, 2031. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Agreement - UofL Speech Language Program.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the University of Louisville and authorize the Superintendent to sign same. X.R.6.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of a Memorandum of Agreement between the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCBE) and the Jefferson County Teachers Association (JCTA) Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. X.R.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of a Memorandum of Agreement between the Jefferson County Board of Education (JCBE) and the Jefferson County Association of Educational Support Personnel/American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees on behalf of Local 4011 Rationale The Jefferson County Board of Education and Jefferson County Association of Educational Support Personnel/American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees on behalf of Local 4011 mutually and in good faith agree that placement following the reduction in force due to organizational charge changes for members of the bargaining unit will adhere to the process outlined in the attached agreement. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments MOA - AFSCME - Reduction in Force.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson County Association of Educational Support Personnel/American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees on behalf of Local 4011 and authorized the superintendent to sign same. X.R.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of an Amendment to the Data Privacy Agreement with Heartland School Solutions Rationale Heartland School Solutions will provide an integrated school and community nutrition services management information system. The purpose of this amendment is to alter Exhibit A: Description of Services.  The purpose of the agreement is to delineate the operational guidelines for sharing data between Heartland School Solutions and JCPS and define the respective roles and responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. There is no cost to the district for the data sharing agreement. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 3.1.1- Improve physical infrastructure. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Amendment to DPA - My School Bucks Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached amendment to the data sharing agreement with Heartland School Solutions and authorize the superintendent to sign same. X.S.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Resolution for Workers Compensation Self-Insured Program Rationale The Workers’ Compensation program has been self-insured since 1978 This program has realized cost savings for the District in the form of interest of reserves and rate increases on insurance premiums, and has eliminated poor claims administration and increased administration control, plan flexibility, and improved services to employees. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments WC Self-Insured Board Resolution 2026-27 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached resolution seeking approval from the Commissioner of the Kentucky Office of Workers’ Claims to self-insure the Workers’ Compensation liabilities of the District. X.T.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Payment of Out-of-District Expenses for Board Member Rationale Pursuant to Board Policy 01.821 Board Member Compensation and Expenses, Board members shall be reimbursed for actual and necessary expenditures incurred outside the District. Board members shall obtain Board approval prior to incurring out-of-district expenses and reimbursement shall be at the same rates as that for employees of the District and shall be documented by receipts. Board Member Gail Logan Strange participated in the 2025 Summer Leadership Institute held in Lexington, Kentucky, on July 11-12, 2025, which was hosted by the Kentucky School Boards Association (KSBA). Additionally, Board Member Strange traveled to Lexington, Kentucky, on August 6, 2025, to observe Supreme Court oral arguments. Expenses: Mileage: Reimbursed at District mileage rate Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the payment of necessary out-of-district expenses incurred by Board Member Gail Logan-Strange. X.U.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Comprehensive School Improvement Plans of TSI Schools and Review of Gap Goals Rationale The Comprehensive School Improvement Plans (CSIPs) of schools identified for Targeted Support and Improvement (TSI) are subject to review and approval by the local board of education, as outlined in KRS 160.346. The CSIPs describe the goals, objectives, and activities focused on school improvement efforts to ensure that each student makes progress. In addition, pursuant to KRS 158.649 and 703 KAR 5:225, the District shall also report on each school’s plans to reduce any identified gaps in achievement and report schools that have not met their targets for two consecutive years. Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) examined data from the 2023-2024 and 2024-2025 state accountability system to identify TSI schools failing to reduce the gap in achievement within the same student group for the last two years. Attached is a list of schools with a link to their school plans, their federal classification status, and gap goals for review. Please note that there are differences in how each school set its goals due to each school’s individual needs assessment and data trends. The work of the Racial Equity Policy is critical in closing achievement gaps and reducing the number of schools that are not meeting their targets. This report supports Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1.7 Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Tamara Lewis Attachment Attachments CSIP GAP Goals For TSI 2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the 2025-26 Comprehensive School Improvement Plans for Targeted Support and Improvement Schools and review gap goals for schools. X.V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the 2026 High School Graduation Schedule Rationale The proposed 2026 high school graduation schedule has been thoughtfully developed to support student success, operational efficiency, and meaningful family and community engagement. Accepting this schedule will ensure the school can provide a well-organized celebration that honors graduates while remaining aligned with academic and District priorities. The timeline allows adequate time for seniors to complete all graduation requirements, including coursework, assessments, and any necessary credit recovery opportunities. This approach promotes equitable access to graduation for all students and reduces last-minute barriers that could prevent participation in commencement ceremonies. Additionally, all scheduled options will occur prior to the student instructional day, minimizing disruptions to teaching and learning. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments 25-26 Proposed Graduation Schedule - JCBE Final Opt1-3 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached 2026 High School Graduation Schedule. X.W.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Shortened School Day for One Exceptional Child Education Student Rationale Recommendation for Approval of Shortened School Day for One Exceptional Child Education Student. Approval by the Local Board of Education (student confidentiality procedures must be followed when listing student information in the local Board minutes); Minutes of the Admissions and Release Committee (ARC) meeting documenting the ARC decision that a shortened school day and/or week is needed; A copy of the student’s Individual Education Plan documenting the shortened school day and/or week; and A copy of the physician's statement of the medical need. Per regulations, the student is being identified as SSD001. Student SSD001 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 4 hour and 20 minute school day, five days (M/T/W/TH/F). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve a shortened school day for one Exceptional Child Education Student. XI.
                                Board Planning Calendar Rationale Board members may review and offer suggestions for future Board meeting agendas during the Board Planning Calendar portion of regular Board meetings. A list of selected Board of Education discussion agenda items has been compiled for use by the Board and administrative staff. The list includes activities for action and discussion. It is anticipated that staff will use this list to avoid scheduling conflicts, improve coordination and support of activities, enhance planning, and increase awareness of upcoming board meeting activities. Attachment Attachments Planning Calendar Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. Actions Taken Order #2026-41 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. Order #2026-42 - Motion Passed: A motion that the Board of Education approve consent item X.R.7 Memorandum of Agreement between the Jefferson County Board of Education and the Jefferson County Association of Educational Support Personnel/American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees on behalf of Local 4011, passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. James Craig. XII.
                                Committee Reports Rationale Meeting dates and times can be accessed on the JCPS Calendar of Events . Meeting materials and Minutes from previous meetings can be accessed here . XIII.
                                Board Reports Rationale Each meeting shall contain an opportunity for Board members to report on noteworthy events pertaining to the work of schools and the District. XIV.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) XV.
                                Executive Session (If Necessary) XVI.
                                Action Item (If Necessary) XVII.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2026-43 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the March 10, 2026, meeting of the Board of Education at 9:27 p.m. passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett.