KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County November 18, 2025 6:00 PM Work Session Secure Return I.
                                Call to Order Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. Attachments 11 18 25 Meeting Notice November 18 Board Member Questions II.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 11 18 25 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2025-183 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the November 18, 2025, agenda. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. James Craig. III.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 10 14 25 Minutes Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2025-184 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Minutes of the October 14, 2025, meeting. The recommendation passed  passed with a motion by Ms. Gail Logan Strange and a second by Mr. James Craig. IV.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . V.
                                Work Sessions V.A.
                                Review of District Applicant Data Rationale This presentation addresses the Board's request to have data presented every other month that would show the amount of current job openings, how many positions have been filled over the past two months, the number of applications received during that period, and the time it takes for applicants to begin employment. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachments November 18 HR Board Presentation.pdf V.B.
                                Report on Environmental Mitigation and Monitoring at Dr. William H. Perry Elementary School and the Future Dr. J Blaine Hudson Middle School Rationale Board members will receive a report detailing the current environmental mitigation and monitoring for Dr. William H. Perry Elementary School and the future Dr. J Blaine Hudson Middle School. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Environmental Mitigation Update - Nov 2025 VI.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2025-185 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Consent Calendar MINUS:   
VI.O Acceptance of Annual Comprehensive Financial Report for Year Ended June 30, 2025; 
VI.R Recommendation for Approval of 2026 Board Meeting Schedule;
VI.U Recommendation for Approval of Proposed Boundary Adjustments for Elementary Satellite and Echo Trail Middle School;
 passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. Order #2025-186 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve Consent Item:   
VI.O Acceptance of Annual Comprehensive Financial Report for Year Ended June 30, 2025;
 passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. Order #2025-187 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve Consent Item:   
VI.R Recommendation for Approval of 2026 Board Meeting Schedule
 passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. Order #2025-188 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve Consent Item VI.U Recommendation for Approval of Proposed Boundary Adjustments for Elementary Satellite and Echo Trail Middle School passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VI.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2025-11-18.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. VI.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2025-11-18.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. VI.C.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on November 18, 2025. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments FIELD TRIPS APPROVED BY THE SUPERINTENDENT FIELD TRIPS BY SCHOOL Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. VI.D.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Projects, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Forms Rationale VI.D.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Playground Renovation at Portland Elementary School Rationale This project will include paving, playground turf, playground elements, and landscaping. The design and construction work is being donated through MSD Community Benefits after the project is bid. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Portland ES - Playground Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Heritage Engineering LLC as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Playground Renovation at Portland Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $300,000. VI.D.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Food Service Phase 44 at Various Schools Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools Food Service Phase 44 scope includes upgrading equipment and fixtures to meet plumbing, MSD, Building, Fire, and Health codes.  Depreciated equipment or equipment no longer in use will be replaced/removed and the upgraded kitchen design will assist with efficiency and accessibility of equipment used to prepare over 90,000 meals each day. The list of schools is attached. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments BG-1 Food Service Phase 44 BG-1 Food Service Phase 44 List of Schools Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of BCCLT, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for Food Service Phase 44 at Various Schools, for an estimated project cost of $474,153. VI.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for New School Building at Seneca High School Rationale This project consists of replacing the deteriorated facility at Seneca High School on the same site. All Kentucky Department of Education program requirements will be included as well as the Career and Technical Education spaces and required athletic facilities. The existing building will be demolished except for portions necessary for the continued operation of Goldsmith Elementary School. On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved Studio Kremer Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-005. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on October 28, 2025.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Seneca HS - New School Building Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract Whittenberg Construction Company for New School Building at Seneca High School for the low base bid of $96,856,000; accept Alternates 1 and 2 for a total bid of $96,856,000; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $110,700,000. VI.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Revised BG-1 Form for Neighborhood Place Relocation at Thomas Jefferson Middle School Rationale On January 28, 2025, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-042. On May 13, 2025, the Board of Education approved awarding a contract to Corbett Construction Co., Inc. In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires revision of the BG-1 form when change orders exceed the budgeted contingency amount. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 TJMS - Neighborhood Place Relocation - CO Contingency Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached revised BG-1 form for Neighborhood Place Relocation at Thomas Jefferson Middle School in the amount of $963,486. VI.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completions and BG-4 Forms Rationale VI.G.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Secure Vestibule at Hartstern Elementary School Rationale On April 29, 2025, the Board of Education approved Potter Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-045. On June 10, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Derek Engineering, Inc. as the low bidder. Potter Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Hartstern ES - Secure Vestibule Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Derek Engineering, Inc. for Secure Vestibule at Hartstern Elementary School for a total construction cost of $98,942.05. VI.G.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown Elementary School Rationale On July 25, 2023, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 24-012. On March 5, 2024, the Board approved awarding a contract to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Jeffersontown ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Jeffersontown Elementary School for a total construction cost of $797,106.44. VI.G.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Partial Roof Replacement at Shacklette Elementary School Rationale On July 25, 2023, the Board of Education approved McCulloch Associates Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 24-013. On March 5, 2024, the Board approved awarding a contract to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. as the low bidder. McCulloch Associates Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Shacklette ES - Partial Roof Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Highland Roofing Company, Inc. for Partial Roof Replacement at Shacklette Elementary School for a total construction cost of $752,133. VI.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 11-18-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. VI.I.
                                Notification of Temporary Access Agreement at VanHoose Education Center Rationale The Speedway LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 7-ELEVEN, Inc. Temporary Access Agreement at VanHoose Education Center allows for the purpose of installing two (2) permanent monitoring wells for an environmental assessment of the soil and groundwater. The granting of the above temporary access agreement will not affect the integrity or usefulness of the property crucial to the educational needs of the District. These items directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Notification of Temporary Access Agreement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive notice of a Temporary Access Agreement for VanHoose Education Center. VI.J.
                                Notification of Purchase Agreement with the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet for the Purchase of Surplus Property on Dixie Highway Rationale A purchase agreement has been prepared between the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet, Department of Highways, Division of Right of Way and Utilities and the Jefferson County School District Finance Corporation for the purchase price of $310,000. This right of way surplus property currently sits between the parcels that were donated to the district by Molina Healthcare for the future home of the new Hudson Middle School. To combine all the donated parcels into one single parcel and perform planned construction for the new middle school project, this property must be acquired. Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:050 the Kentucky Department of Education has given their preliminary approval to purchase this property. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments KYTC - ROW Surplus Property Purchase Agreement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends Notification to the Board of Education regarding the Purchase Agreement for the purchase of the 60’ right of way located at Dixie Highway (18th Street) in the amount of $310,000. VI.K.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiation, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. There are no tie bids. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Competitive Negotiation, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments_11 18 25 Amendment on Instructional & Office Supplies (Line Item) Amendment on Locks & Miscellaneous Hardware Bus Technology (Installation, Repair & Maintenance) C/N for Jefferson County Public Schools Independent Forecast Verification Furniture, Classroom & Office (Line Item) Furniture, Classroom & Office (Percentage) ORIGINAL TABULATION - (E) 8501 Off Duty Officer Security (Supplement) Repaint Swimming Pool at The Academy @ Shawnee Tires, Tubes, Recapping & Repair Water Coolers, Fountains & Parts Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiation, bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendments. VI.L.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 11.18.25 01- The Louisville Orchestra (FY25-26) 02 - Advanced Environmenta Services, LLC.  (FY25-26) 03 - The Decode Project (FY25-26) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. VI.M.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025 and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $20,000. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 11.18.2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. VI.N.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer VI.N.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 09.22.25 - 10.26.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of September 22, 2025 through October 26, 2025. VI.N.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 09.22.25 - 10.26.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 09.22.25 - 10.26.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of September 22, 2025 through October 26, 2025. VI.N.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 09.22.25 - 10.26.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of September 22, 2025 through October 26, 2025. VI.O.
                                Acceptance of Annual Comprehensive Financial Report for Year Ended June 30, 2025 Rationale The Annual Comprehensive Financial Report is submitted for acceptance in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.9 Audits and in compliance with the guidelines and statutes of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Note: The DRAFT watermark is required while the second partner review process is being completed on all components of the audit. Both the watermark will be removed, and official signed opinion added for the final report, which will be submitted to the Kentucky Department of Education on November 5, 2025. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments JCPS_ACFR 2025 Final Draft for Board Meeting 11.13.25.pdf Jefferson County Board of Education 2025 Client Service Communication.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept the attached Annual Comprehensive Financial Report for year ended June 30, 2025. VI.P.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding VI.P.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale Two reports of donations and small grants are being submitted to the Board of Education on November 18, 2025.  The November 4, 2025 report totals $31,250.13 and the November 18, 2025 report totals $138,541.23. Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision-Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards of less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Donation and Small Grant Report November 18 2025 Donations and Small Grants Report November 4 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $169,791.36 to be used as stated in the attachments. VI.P.2.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation Rationale Fund for the Arts donated $14,998 to be used for instruments. Owsley Brown III Philanthropic Foundation donation $5,000 to be used for the Compassionate Schools Project. Louisville Metro donated $4,640.50 to be used by Southern High School Youth Services. Submitted by Edward D. Muns Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $24,638.50 from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation to be used as stated in the rationale. VI.P.3.
                                Acceptance of Donation from Associated Builders and Contractors of Indiana/Kentucky Rationale Associated Builders and Contractors of Indiana Kentucky (ABC) will provide a $5000 donation  to implement a National Center for Construction Education and Research curriculum, including Teacher Certification at Pleasure Ridge Park High School. Submitted By Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOU - ABC INDIANA KENTUCKY Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept a donation of $5000 from the Associated Builders and Contractors of Indiana Kentucky (ABC) and authorize the superintendent sign the attached agreement. VI.P.4.
                                Acceptance of FY26 IDEA B Basic, Preschool, Coordinated Early Intervening Services Funds from the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale Through the Kentucky Department of Education, Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) provides the District with funds for students with disabilities. IDEA funds are appropriated by Congress and are intended to support early intervention and special education services for infants, toddlers, children, and youth with disabilities and their families. These funds must be spent between July 1, 2025, and September 30, 2027. Funds will pay for salaries, fringe benefits, supplies, materials, professional development, and extended learning for students. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments SUBWARD NOTIFICATION - KDE IDEA Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept FY26 IDEA Funds totaling $28,850,189 from the Kentucky Department of Education. VI.P.5.
                                Acceptance of School-Based Mental Health Care Provider Funding from the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale This allocation, School Based Mental Health Care Provider, will provide the District a lump sum payment of $43,095 toward the funding of mental health services in schools. This funding will be used to secure a retired staff member (counselor, psychologist, social worker, or mental health practitioner) to provide school based mental health supports. The spending will be reported on CDIP reports. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments Award Notification - Kentucky Department of Education Mental Health Services.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive School Based Mental Health Care Provider funding in the amount of $43,095 from the Kentucky Department of Education. VI.P.6.
                                Acceptance of FY26 Title I School Improvement Funds from the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale School Improvement Funds (SIF) are grants to state educational agencies (SEAs). SEAs, in turn, make sub-grants to local educational agencies (LEAs) that demonstrate the greatest need and the strongest commitment to use the funds to provide adequate resources to raise student achievement in the lowest-performing schools. The current funds are for Cohort 6 Continuation grants for ten Targeted Support and Improvement Schools. The period of performance is from July 1, 2025, through September 30, 2027. Grant funds will pay for salary and benefits, stipends, professional services, materials and supplies, technology, instructional resources, and professional development. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments GRANT- KDE SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept FY26 Title I, Part A, Section 1003(a) School Improvement Funds totaling $3,655,378 from the Kentucky Department of Education. VI.P.7.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Kentucky Department of Education for the Office of Transition Readiness Rationale This funding supports career pathway enhancements by providing additional funding for free/reduced lunch students to have the opportunity to take industry certification assessments within a state approved CTE career pathway. CTE career pathways are aligned with regional economic and workforce projections. Funds are distributed to the following high schools: Atherton, Ballard, Doss, Eastern, Fairdale, Fern Creek, Iroquois, Jeffersontown, Marion C. Moore, Pleasure Ridge Park, Seneca, The Academy @Shawnee, Southern, Valley, Waggener Butler Traditional, J. G. Brown, Central, DuPont Manual, Louisville Male, and Western High Schools Georgia Chaffee Teenage Parent Programs (TAPP) Funds are used for the following expenses: Free/Reduced Lunch Student Industry Certifications if the student is a concentrator in a state approved CTE career pathway Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Award Grant - KDE- HS Transition Readiness -CTE- Blue Stamp 10-28-2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $5,932 from the Kentucky Department of Education for the Office of Transition Readiness – Career and Technical Education Industry Certifications. VI.P.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval to Submit SPARK Grant Application to the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale The Kentucky Department of Education (KDE) SPARK grant opportunity focuses on supporting postsecondary achievement and resources for Kentucky students with disabilities. Grant awards will fund approximately 20 districts, providing each with an estimated $75,000. The period of performance is expected to be February 2, 2026, to June 30, 2027. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Request for Applications - FY26 SPARK Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve submitting a FY26 KY Transition 360 SPARK grant application to the Kentucky Department of Education. VI.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements VI.Q.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Blueprint 502 Rationale Blueprint 502 created the Smoketown Teen Empowerment and Mentoring Support (STEAMS) Program to serve youth in the Smoketown neighborhood. The goals of the program are to increase school attendance and educational attainment while reducing behavior issues and suspensions. Blueprint 502 staff will support Meyzeek Middle School with academic, behavioral and truancy reduction services aligned with the District’s Multi-tiered System of Support and help address the needs of students requiring Tier 2 and Tier 3 interventions. The period of performance will be November 19, 2025, through August 30, 2026. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA  BLUEPRINT 502 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Blueprint 502 to provide supportive services to Meyzeek Middle School and authorize the Superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Transportation Cabinet, and Acceptance of Reimbursement for Work Performed for New School Building at Okolona Elementary School Rationale A new bus loop entrance is needed for the new school building being constructed for Okolona Elementary School.  Because some of this work requires modification or improvement on the public highway right-of-way on Preston Highway, KYTC has agreed to reimburse the District for the value of this work. These items directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Approval of Contract and Reimbursement - Okolona ES Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement and accept reimbursement of $21,000 from the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet Division of Maintenance and authorize the Superintendent to sign same. VI.Q.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Amendment to the Data Privacy Agreement with Flashlight Learning, Inc. Rationale Flashlight 360 is a progress monitoring tool for English Language Development, focusing on productive skills of speaking and writing through the use of prompts and visuals. Teachers score and provide real-time feedback to accelerate language learning using data that provides information on students' progress as well as to inform instruction. Funding is allocated to support this resource in the 2025-26 school year. This initiative aligns with Vision 2020 strategies 1.1.3 provide equitable access, and 1.1.7 eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments AMENDMENT -FLASHLIGHT LEARNING INC - BLUE STAMP 10-22-2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to the Data Privacy Agreement with Flashlight Learning, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Gate of Hope Ministries, International, Inc. Rationale Gate of Hope will offer the Fourth R Healthy Relationships Plus Program, an evidence-informed, small group program based on the core principles of skill-building and awareness, as part of their Tabara Initiative, which is designed to transform the lives of East African girls at risk of exploitation through prevention, education and restoration. Schools interested in participating will schedule sessions with Gate of Hope. The period of performance is January 1, 2026, through December 31, 2026, and there is no commitment by the District beyond the period of performance. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Gate of Hope Ministries International Inc Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Gate of Hope Ministries International, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Protection Agreement with Incident IQ Rationale Incident IQ is an asset management platform built for K-12 school districts that assist with the deployment, collection, management, and auditing of devices. The purpose of this agreement is to delineate the operational guidelines for sharing data between Incident IQ and JCPS and define the respective roles and responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. This work supports our efforts to improve physical infrastructure. Submitted By: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments DPA - Incident IQ LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Protection Agreement with Incident IQ and authorize the superintendent sign same. VI.Q.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Navex Global Inc. Rationale Navex Global Inc. will provide a comprehensive JCPS Hotline system to enhance compliance, accountability, and reporting across the District. The District currently utilizes an outdated hotline system that lacks detailed reporting capabilities and language translation options, limiting accessibility and data accuracy. Navex will provide third-party hotline services for JCPS, including staffing the call center and providing the case management system. Navex has cleared the Digital Resource Review. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachments Attachments NAVEX Global SHI Quote-26320944 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Navex Global Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to Kentucky CHFS Grant for AmeriCorps Rationale Due to a reduction in federal funding, AmeriCorps, through the Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services, Department for Family Resource Centers and Volunteer Services, Serve Kentucky is reducing the District’s two-year award by $156,859. The original grant was for $469,778 and the modified award amount is $312,919. The District will still be able to recruit 18 part-time AmeriCorps members. REACH (Ready to Extend A Caring Hand) Corps Members will provide mentoring services for students with high rates of unexcused absences or behavior referrals, and will recruit, train, and manage volunteers to support school improvement efforts. The contract term is August 1, 2024, through July 31, 2026. The grant pays for part of the AmeriCorps Member living allowances, health and other insurance, member gear, supplies, travel, contractual services, criminal background checks, and indirect costs. Participating schools contribute matching funds that assist with program costs. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments Contract - Commonwealth of Kentucky - AmeriCorps.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Grant Award Amendment from the Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services for AmeriCorps and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Rental Agreement with Kentucky Science Center Rationale This agreement is to rent the space at Kentucky Science Center (KSC) for the Boys and Girls Sports Expo's on October 29, 2025, and March 31, 2026. The Boys and Girls Sports Expo's give student athletes an opportunity to come together for a field trip to KSC and participate in workshops for goal setting, nutrition, mental health, interview skills, and building healthy relationships. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments KY Science Center Rental Agreement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Rental Agreement with the Kentucky Science Center and authorize the Superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville Folk School Rationale The Louisville Folk School provides no-cost music education throughout the community via the Folk Musicians In-Residence program (in-school performances) and Sounds of Kentucky (after-school Bluegrass instruction). Folk Musicians in Residence ties in-school performances to community concerts by touring musicians. Sounds of Kentucky is a hands-on, no-cost after-school music enrichment program for students to learn about Kentucky culture, history, and work with professional musicians to learn folk instruments. Participation by schools is voluntary. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments _MOA Louisville Folk School Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Louisville Folk School and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement for Data Sharing with Otus, LLC Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) is entering into a Memorandum of Agreement regarding data sharing with Otus, LLC. Otus is a curriculum and instruction platform that is used to gather student growth data so that school communities can better support students. Otus Platform Service for Academic Readiness, Data Management Service, and Otus Onsite (30-Days). This agreement outlines the duties between JCPS and Otus for sharing data regarding students’ scores on the NWEA MAP Reading Fluency assessment. This data will be received by Otus to populate the students’ reading improvement plans with the NWEA MAP Reading Fluency assessment scores. There is no cost to JCPS. This agreement aligns with the Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1.7 Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments MOA - OTUS LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement regarding data sharing with Otus, LLC and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VI.Q.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Paloma Learning Rationale Paloma Learning is recommended and sponsored by the Kentucky Department of Education (KDE) as an online parent resource for early literacy tutoring/at-home support. KDE has made this available to returning JCPS Department of Early Literacy schools. This work supports Goals & Guardrails goal 4: 3rd Grade Literacy Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments _DPA Paloma Learning Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Paloma Learning and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Sharp Futures Foundation, Inc. Rationale Sharp Futures Foundation, Inc. will support student development, mentorship, and workforce readiness through  innovate, school-based programming. Sharp Futures operates in-school barbershops and provides students with a safe, affirming space to build confidence, life skills, and professional exposure. This partnership is designed to promote social-emotional growth, cultural pride, and career awareness while offering direct engagement opportunities that connect student s with positive adult role models and real world skill development. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments _MOA Sharp Futures Foundation, Inc. Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Sharp Futures Foundation, Inc. and authorize the Superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.13.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreement with Prairie Village Baseball – Softball, Inc. Rationale Prairie Village received a $150,000 Louisville Metro Government grant to make improvements to the baseball field and athletic facilities owned by JCPS located at Stonestreet Elementary School. The attached agreement indicates Prairie Village will submit its project plans to JCPS Facilities for review and approval before work may begin and the facilities and fixtures will become District property at project completion. The renovations will be completed no later than September 30, 2026. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - PRAIRIE VILLAGE BASEBALL SOFTBALL INC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Prairie Village Baseball-Softball, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VI.Q.14.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Valley Sports Little League, Inc. Rationale Valley Sports received a $110,000 Louisville Metro Government grant to make improvements to the baseball field and athletic facilities owned by JCPS located at Greenwood Elementary School and Pleasure Ridge Park High School. The attached agreement indicates Valley Sports will submit its project plans to JCPS Facilities for review and approval before work may begin and the facilities and fixtures will become District property at project completion. The renovations will be completed no later than September 30, 2026. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA Valley Sports Little League Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Valley Sports Little League, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.15.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Rental Agreement with the University of Louisville Athletic Association Rationale JCPS Athletics will host the Middle School Swim Championship at the University of Louisville Natatorium Facility. This facility is needed in order to provide the adequate space for all teams and supporters during the event. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments UofL FACILITY RENTAL AGREEMENT Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Rental Agreement with the University of Louisville Athletic Association and authorize the Superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.16.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Third Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5127 Terry Road Rationale On February 25, 2025, the Board of Education approved a contract for the purchase of approximately 13.0176 acres located at 5127 Terry Road between Ambvit Realty, LLC and Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky for the purchase price of $860,000. On June 10, 2025, the Board of Education approved the Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for a 90-day extension to the due diligence period. On September 16, 2025, the Board of Education approved the Second Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for a 60-day extension to the due diligence period. This third amendment is for the purpose of granting another 30-day extension to the due diligence period. Due to time restrictions, this amendment was signed before the current due diligence expired with a notation of “pending board approval.” Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:050 the Kentucky Department of Education has given their preliminary approval to purchase this property. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Third Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement - 5127 Terry Road - Ambvit Realty LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Third Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5127 Terry Road. VI.Q.17.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Third Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5500 Terry Road Rationale On February 25, 2025, the Board of Education approved a contract for the purchase of approximately 3.9852 acres located at 5500 Terry Road between Rigoberto Mejia and Silvia Gomez Sanchez and Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky for the purchase price of $220,000. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved the Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for a 60-day extension to the due diligence period. On September 16, 2025, the Board of Education approved the Second Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for a 60-day extension to the due diligence period. This third amendment is for the purpose of granting another 30-day extension to the due diligence period. Due to time restrictions, this amendment was signed before the current due diligence expired with a notation of “pending board approval.” Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:050 the Kentucky Department of Education has given their preliminary approval to purchase this property. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Third Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement - 5500 Terry Road - Rigoberto Mejia Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Third Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5500 Terry Road. VI.Q.18.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Pricing Amendment for Transportation Agreement with EverDriven Technologies, LLC Rationale On December 13, 2022, the Board of Education approved the agreement with EverDriven Technologies, LLC to provide student transportation. EverDriven Technologies, LLC is a nationwide transportation company that specializes in transporting students with special needs. Due to the bus driver shortage, they are a solution for the District to provide transportation to students as needed. This pricing amendment is a decrease in cost for safety vest fee from $5.15 to $3.50 per trip. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Seond Amendment EverDriven Technologies LLC, 10-30-2025.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Pricing Amendment to the Transportation Agreement with EverDriven Technologies, LLC and authorize the Superintendent to sign same. VI.Q.19.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement With Care Solace, Inc. Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. VI.Q.20.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement With NCS Pearson Inc. Rationale Students in grades 6-12 will participate in a mental health screener, with parents having the option to opt out. The screener will help identify students struggling with their mental health so they can be connected with resources within the school and community. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments DPA - NCS Pearson Inc Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with NCS Pearson Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.Q.21.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Public Consulting Group LLC Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. VI.Q.22.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Interagency Agreements with Kentucky Educational Collaborative for State Agency Children and JCPS/State Agency Children's Programs Rationale The Kentucky Educational Collaborative for State Agency Children (KECSAC) has awarded the District $3,424,956 to partially fund salaries and other operating expenses at the following educational programs: Ackerly, Brook Dupont, Brook KMI, Father Mahoney's Boys and Girls Haven, Home of Innocents, Maryhurst, Peace Academy, St. Joseph Children's Home, Brooklawn, Bellwood, and Western Day Treatment Program. The Agreement between KECSAC and JCPS outlines the operation and distribution of the State Agency Children's Funds for the delivery of education services to State Agency Children in JCPS. The Agreement is reviewed and signed annually in order to receive grant funds. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachments Attachments Interagency Agreements KECSA Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Kentucky Education Collaborative for State Agency Children (KECSAC) and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VI.Q.23.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Rental Agreement with Louisville Urban League Sports & Learning Complex, Inc. DBA Norton Healthcare Sports & Learning Center Rationale The Rental Agreement with Norton Sports Complex will provide access to state of the art facility to students across the district. It will provide accessibility to students who typically do not have access to such facilities. The indoor track will allow continued access during inclement weather and teams to participate in team building actives. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Rental Agreement - Norton Healthcare Sports and Learning Center Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Rental Agreement with Louisville Urban League Sports & Learning Complex, Inc. DBA Norton Healthcare Sports & Learning Center, and authorize the Superintendent to sign the same. VI.R.
                                Recommendation for Approval of 2026 Board Meeting Schedule Rationale KRS 160.270 requires a local board of education to hold “at least one (1) regular meeting each month, at a time and place fixed by the board.” The proposed schedule of meetings for 2025 avoids calendar conflicts including major religious and national holidays, school calendar conflicts, election days, and state and national education conferences. The proposed schedule continues to have two types of Regular Meetings – Business Meetings and Work Session Meetings. Regular Board Meetings are open to the public and will begin at 6:00 p.m., and be held in the Stewart Auditorium at the VanHoose Education Center, 3332 Newburg Road, Louisville, KY 40218. This proposed schedule has 15 meeting dates: 11 Board Business Meetings (includes Information Items, Action Items, and a Consent Calendar) 4 Board Work Session Meetings (includes Work Sessions and a Consent Calendar) Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachments Attachments Draft 2026 Board Meeting Schedule v5 Presentation - 2026 JCBOE Meeting Schedule v4 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Regular Board Meeting Schedule for 2026. VI.S.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Shortened School Days and /or Weeks for Nine Exceptional Child Education Students Rationale The Kentucky Administrative Regulations, as outlined in the Exceptional Child Education Policies and Procedures Manual, requires that a shortened school day and/or week be submitted to the Board of Education for approval. This Board action is subject to confidentiality requirements according to policies and procedures in Chapter 9 Confidentiality of Information. Following approval by the Board of Education, the request will be submitted to the Kentucky Department of Education, Office of Special Education and Early Learning. The District must maintain the following documentation for all shortened school days and/or weeks approved by the Local Board of Education: Approval by the Local Board of Education (student confidentiality procedures must be followed when listing student information in the local Board minutes); Minutes of the Admissions and Release Committee (ARC) meeting documenting the ARC decision that a shortened school day and/or week is needed; A copy of the student’s Individual Education Plan documenting the shortened school day and/or week; A copy of the physician's statement of the medical need. Per regulations, the student is being identified as SSDW001, SSDW002, SSDW003, SSD004, SSD005, SSD006, SD007, and SSD008 Student SSDW001 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 1 hour  school day, TWO days (M/W). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSDW002 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 4 hour school day, TWO days (T/W). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSDW003 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 5 hour school day, TWO days (M/F). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD004 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 2 hour and 40 minute school day. Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD005 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 3 hour school day. Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD006 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 5 hour and 20 minute school day. Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD007 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 3 hour school day. Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD008 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 4 hour and school day. Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD009 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a 3 hour 20 minute school day.  Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve shortened school days for Six Exceptional Child Education students and Shortened School Days and Weeks for three Exceptional Child Education Students. VI.T.
                                Recommendation to Receive Board Policies for First Reading and Receive Administrative Procedures for Review Rationale The Board Policy Committee reviewed these policies and administrative procedures during its meeting on October 20, 2025.  The policies are recommended for approval and the administrative procedures are provided for review by the Board. Recommendations from JCPS Divisions 04.32 AP.XX         Contracts and Purchases Using Noncompetitive Negotiation 04.1                      Budget Planning and Adoption 01.421                  Public Participation in Open Meetings 02.12                    Duties of Superintendent 09.315                  Combining Middle School Teams 03.162                  Harassment/Discrimination (Certified) 03.262                  Harassment/Discrimination (Classified) 03.162 AP.2         Harassment/Discrimination Reporting Form 03.162 AP.23       Resolution Response 03.1621                Title IX Sexual Harassment (Certified) 03.2621                Title IX Sexual Harassment (Classified) 03.1621 AP.2       Title IX Sexual Harassment Grievance Procedures 09.42811              Harassment /Discrimination (Students) 09.42811 AP.1     Notice to Individuals Complaining of Harassment/ Discrimination 09.42811 AP.2     Harassment/Discrimination Reporting Form Technical Amendments 05.32                    Public Sales on School Premises 09.427                  Student Dress Code 09.2442                Medicinal Cannabis 09.4                      Student Behavior 08.2321                Copyrighted Materials 05.23                    Energy Management 07.1                      Food/School Nutrition Services Submitted by Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments Policies & Procedures for 1st Reading v3 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Board Policies for first submission and reading and receive the attached Administrative Procedures for review. VI.U.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Proposed Boundary Adjustments for Elementary Satellite and Echo Trail Middle School Rationale The new School Choice plan, approved in June 2022, introduced boundary changes designed to maximize feeder patterns and implementation of the Choice Zone. A key component of this plan was a commitment to regular reviews and necessary adjustments to avoid prolonged periods, like the nearly 40-year gap prior to this update, where critical changes were not made. Since the implementation of the plan in the 2023-2024 school year, the District along with our consultant, Woolpert, have closely monitored school utilization to evaluate the impact of the boundary changes and identify areas requiring further refinement. To address ongoing overutilization across elementary and middle levels, the District proposes strategic boundary adjustments and the introduction of satellite schools for the 2026-2027 school year. Camp Taylor Elementary will be added as a satellite option for the Seneca Elementary Zone to balance enrollment while minimizing disruption to students and families. At the middle school level, overutilization has occurred at Echo Trail that is currently at 117% of its optimal capacity.  The current enrollment capacity is 1,044 students and Echo Trail is currently projected to have 1,389 students within their resides boundary in the 2026-2027 school year.  In an effort to address the overutilization, boundary adjustments will reassign an area closest to the Gene Snyder highway to Crosby Middle School. The end state of this proposed boundary change option will create a projected enrollment of 1,107 students which will have Echo Trail operating at 106% optimal capacity. The Echo Trail boundary change will impact only incoming 6th-grade students, and students who are new to the District or have a change of address, with current 7th and 8th graders permitted to remain at Echo Trail. Every effort will be made to address siblings that are separated by the proposed boundary change when possible. This phased approach minimizes disruption while addressing significant capacity challenges. These proposed changes represent a least-disruptive approach to meeting current and future needs of our students and schools. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments JCPS_SY2627_Recommendations_Echo Trail and Camp Taylor (1).pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Proposed Boundary Adjustments for Elementary Satellite and Echo Trail Middle School. VI.V.
                                Recommendation for Review of Exceptional Child Education Procedures Rationale The Exceptional Child Education (ECE) Division, in conjunction with the Office of General Counsel, periodically reviews and revises the District’s ECE procedures. This process ensures alignment between District ECE procedures and federal regulations for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) and pertinent Kentucky Administrative Regulations, and ensures that the procedures reflect current District processes and practices. Submitted by Kim Chevalier Attachments Attachments ECE Procedures.pdf Summary of Proposed ECE Procedure Changes.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education review revisions to the District’s Exceptional Child Education Procedures. VI.W.
                                Adoption of Attached Board Policy Rationale Amendments to this policy were approved by the Board on June 24, 2025. Due to a drafting error, a language change that is needed was not included in the policy when it was submitted to the Board for approval. The attached policy corrects that error. Submitted by Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments 02.31 School Resource Officers.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education waive first reading and adopt Board Policy 02.31 School Resource Officers (SROs). VII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) VIII.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2025-189 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the November 18, 2025, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 7:41 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister.