KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County July 08, 2025 6:00 PM Work Session Secure Return I.
                                Call to Order Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. II.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 7 8 25 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2025-118 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda.The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. III.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 6 24 25 Minutes.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the Minutes of the June 24, 2025, Business Meeting. Actions Taken Order #2025-119 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the Minutes of the June 24, 2025, Business Meeting. The recommendation passed with a motion by Ms. Gail Logan Strange and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. IV.
                                Student Outcomes-Focused Governance Update V.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . VI.
                                Work Sessions Rationale VI.A.
                                Review of District Applicant Data Rationale This work session addresses the Board's request to have data presented every other month that would show the amount of current job openings, how many positions have been filled over the past two months, the number of applications received during that period, and the time it takes for applicants to begin employment. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachments Human Resources JCBE Report July 8 VII.
                                Consent Calendar Actions Taken Order #2025-120 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. VII.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2025-07-08 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. VII.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2025-07-08 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. VII.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions Rationale VII.C.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Human Resources Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments HUMAN RESOURCES 2025-07-08 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). VII.C.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – JCPS Police Department Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments JCPS POLICE DEPARTMENT 2025-07-08 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). VII.C.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Schools Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments SCHOOLS 2025-07-08 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). VII.D.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Field Trip Request Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on July 8, 2025. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments Field Trips Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests. VII.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Projects, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Forms Rationale VII.E.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Form for Phase I HVAC Renovation at Atkinson Elementary School Rationale This project will replace the entire HVAC system, electrical switchgear, partial roof replacement, security, fire alarm, ceilings, and lights. Minor architectural renovations may occur. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Atkinson ES - Phase I HVAC Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of KNBA and Environmental Concerns Inc. (Asbestos Abatement Only) as the architects/engineers, and the BG-1 form for the Phase I HVAC Renovation at Atkinson Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $12,000,000. VII.E.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Barret Traditional Middle School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler and chiller. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Barret TMS - Boiler and Chiller Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Barret Traditional Middle School, for an estimated project cost for $1,126,749. VII.E.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Boiler Replacement at Eastern High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Eastern HS - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Boiler Replacement at Eastern High School, for an estimated project cost for $487,640. VII.E.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Chiller Replacement at Jeffersontown High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s chiller. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Jeffersontown HS - Chiller Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of CMTA, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Chiller Replacement at Jeffersontown High School, for an estimated project cost for $1,126,749. VII.E.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Chiller Replacement at Iroquois High School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s chiller. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Iroquois HS - Chiller Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Chiller Replacement at Iroquois High School, for an estimated project cost for $1,126,749. VII.E.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Boiler Replacement at Ramsey Middle School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Ramsey MS - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Boiler Replacement at Ramsey Middle School, for an estimated project cost for $221,190. VII.E.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Boiler Replacement at Luhr Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Luhr ES - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Boiler Replacement at Luhr Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $221,190. VII.E.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Watterson Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler and chiller. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Watterson ES - Boiler and Chiller Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Watterson Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $596,172. VII.F.
                                Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for New Elementary School – Dixie Corridor at Wilkerson Elementary School Rationale On August 27, 2019, the Board of Education approved Studio Kremer Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 20-038. On October 27, 2020, the Board approved awarding a contract to Marrillia Design and Construction as the low bidder. Studio Kremer Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Wilkerson ES - New ES Dixie Corridor Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Marrillia Design and Construction for New Elementary School – Dixie Corridor at Wilkerson Elementary School for a total construction cost of $17,803,576. VII.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeouts and BG-5 Forms Rationale VII.G.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Boiler Replacement at Newcomer Academy Rationale On June 10, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Mechanical Refrigeration Company, LLC. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Newcomer Academy - Boiler Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Boiler Replacement at Newcomer Academy. VII.G.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Project Closeout and BG-5 Form for Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Breckinridge-Franklin Elementary School Rationale On June 10, 2025, the Board of Education approved the contract completion and BG-4 form for Intertech Mechanical Services, Inc. The Kentucky Department of Education requires the submission of the BG-5 form to reconcile the total project cost to the funding source. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-5 Breckinridge-Franklin ES - Boiler and Chiller Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached BG-5 form for Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Breckinridge-Franklin Elementary School. VII.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 7-8-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. VII.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, and Contract Renewals Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. In addition, there are tie bids on Bid ID #8454 - Automotive/Bus Repair Parts & Services (Line Item). Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, and Contract Renewals_07 08 25 Automotive Bus Repair Parts & Services (Line Item) Bus Service School Runs (Junior Achievement) C/N for Datacenter Firewall Solution C/N for Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Solution Paper (Materials Production) Property, Boiler & Machinery Insurance SCNS Lunchroom Products (School Delivery) SCNS Lunchroom Products (Warehouse Delivery) Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiations, bid tabulations, and contract renewals. VII.J.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 07.08.25 01 - The Collaborative for Teaching and Learning (FY25-26) 02 - CS Educational Services (FY25-26) 03 - Mosaic Minds Education Consultants, LLC. (FY25-26) 04 - Advanced Environmental Services (FY25-28) 05 - Ohio Valley Education Cooperative - Amendment to PSC Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. VII.K.
                                Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Period Ended May 31, 2025 Rationale This report is provided to the Board per KRS 160.560 and Board Policy 04.31 Fiscal Accounting and Reporting . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Monthly Financial Report for PE 05.31.2025 Notes of Interest May 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Monthly Financial Report for periods ended May 31, 2025. VII.L.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer VII.L.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 06.02.25 - 06.15.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of June 2, 2025 through June 15, 2025. VII.L.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 06.02.25 - 06.15.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 06.02.25 - 06.15.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of June 2, 2025, through June 15, 2025. VII.L.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 06.02.25 - 06.15.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of June 2, 2025, through June 15, 2025. VII.M.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding VII.M.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale This is a report of donations and small grants submitted to the Board of Education on July 8, 2025. Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Donations and Small Grants Report July 8 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $252,236.91 to be used as stated in the attachment. VII.M.2.
                                Acceptance of Additional Funding from the Wallace Foundation Rationale Wallace Foundation launched the Equity Centered Pipeline Initiative (ECPI) to develop a broadly applicable approach for a comprehensive, aligned pipeline that produces equity-centered district and school leaders with the knowledge and skills to make educational equity a reality. The original grant agreement was approved on September 14, 2021. Wallace Foundation has awarded the District an additional $1,080,000 to support internal and external strategies for the project. This project directly supports strategy 3.1.3 in Vision 2020 . Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Grant - Wallace Foundation.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $1,080,000 from the Wallace Foundation and authorize the superintendent to sign the attached grant agreement. VII.N.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements VII.N.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Fern Creek Fire Protection District, Inc. Rationale JCPS/Career and Technical Education (CTE) is partnering with Fern Creek Fire Protection District, Inc. to provide support to JCPS students in the fire sciences pathway who will gain fire services learning experiences. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments _MOA Fern Creek Fire Dept Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Fern Creek Fire Protection District, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VII.N.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Heuser Hearing and Language Academy Rationale JCPS Early Childhood Education Program offers programs for three and four year old children designed to prepare children, socially, physically, emotionally, and educationally for elementary school and also in compliance with Kentucky State Law and Federal regulations promulgated to implement Public Laws 101-476 and 99-457 addressing responsibility for providing evaluation, special education and related services for children and youth with disabilities JCPS must provide special education and related services for identified children who turn three or four years old on or before August 1st and have an Individual Educational Program (IBP) residing within the District, JCPS recognizes the need to provide staffing for students with disabilities based on the student's Individual Education Program (IEPs) for JCPS students enrolled in the preschool Deaf/Hard of Hearing special class at the Academy. Through a Memorandum of Agreement,  the District and Heuser Hearing and Language have mutually agreed to provide services that will enable students to receive an appropriate public education based on their individual level and unique needs. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments MOA-Heuser Hearing and Language Academy Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Heuser Hearing and Language Academy and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VII.N.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Huddle Tickets, LLC dba GoFan Rationale GoFan is a digital ticketing platform that promotes efficiency for the collection of gates at the school level and a better attendee experience overall. It also provides consistency across all sporting activities relating to ticketing sales; this program alleviates the need for cash sales only and allows safer money handling and deposits. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - GoFan Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Huddle Tickets, LLC., dba GoFan and authorize superintendent to sign same. VII.N.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Options Unlimited, Inc. Rationale The Exceptional Child Education (ECE) Department is partnering with Options Unlimited, Inc. to implement the Forever YES! program with eligible students. This program teaches self-awareness, self-determination, and self-advocacy skills. Students will use these skills to explore employment and other post-secondary options. Forever YES! uses peer mentors with disabilities to help students with disabilities develop the skills they need to succeed in post-secondary settings, including employment. The ECE department hopes to increase post-secondary opportunities for our students through this partnership. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments MOA-Options Unlimited Inc Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Options Unlimited, Inc. and authorize the superintendent sign same. VII.N.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Pace Contracting LLC Rationale Pace is a leading contractor in the region and is donating in-kind services valued at $213,657.72 through the MSD Community Benefits Program to complete a playground enhancement at Chenoweth Elementary School. There is no obligation for the District beyond December 31, 2026 Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Pace Contracting LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Pace Contracting LLC and authorize the superintendent sign same. VII.N.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Thieneman Construction, Inc. Rationale Thieneman is a leading contractor in the region and is donating cash, volunteer hours, and in-kind materials valued at $30,700 through the MSD Community Benefits Program to  install a greenhouse at Western High School. There is no obligation for the District beyond December 31, 2025. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Thieneman Construction Inc Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Thieneman Construction, Inc. and authorize the superintendent sign same. VII.N.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Understanding with the University of the Cumberlands Rationale This Memorandum of Understanding with the University of the Cumberlands formalizes a partnership to implement the Option 9 expedited route to teacher certification, as outlined in 16 KAR 9:110. This agreement details each party's roles and responsibilities in supporting candidates pursuing a bachelor's degree and initial teacher certification within three school years. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments MOU - The University of The Cumberlands - Option 9 Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Understanding with the University of the Cumberlands and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VII.N.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Teacher Apprenticeship Memorandum of Agreement with the University of Louisville Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS), through its Career and Technical Education (CTE) department, has submitted an application to the Kentucky Labor Cabinet to become an official employer for future apprenticeship programs. By applying, JCPS agrees to adhere to the apprenticeship requirements set forth by the Kentucky Labor Cabinet, the Kentucky Apprenticeship and Training Council, and the Supervisor of Apprenticeship, as outlined in 903 KAR 1:010, in collaboration with the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Administration. An apprenticeship is a paid position in which individuals learn job-specific skills through hands-on training. This earn-while-you-learn model leads to nationally recognized credentials that are transferable across the country. The University of Louisville and the District wish to collaborate in the development and implementation of a Teacher Apprenticeship Program (hereinafter the "Program"). Students participating in the Program will gain valuable practical experience related to their degree area under the supervision of qualified professionals in the District. The District offers a practical teaching and learning environment where Program students will be supervised by qualified professionals in their area of study. Through the CTE program, JCPS is developing specialized occupational apprenticeships and is prepared to launch a “grow-your-own” initiative by hiring career pathway concentrators into registered apprenticeships. As part of this effort, we seek approval for the Teacher Apprenticeship occupation, allowing students to work for JCPS while gaining valuable experience. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - UOFL CEHD Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the Teacher Apprenticeship Memorandum of Agreement with the University of Louisville on behalf of its College of Education and Human Development and authorize the superintendent sign same. VII.N.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreement with the Young Authors Greenhouse Rationale Young Authors Greenhouse (YAG) staff and volunteers build the writing confidence, persistence, mindfulness, critical thinking and problem-solving skills of participating students. Young Authors Greenhouse will partner with Jefferson County Public Schools interested in implementing its writing program. YAG will work with students to write and publish poetry and creative non-fiction and provide an end of program celebration. YAG will also provide student authors with two copies of their published materials. The period of performance is July 9, 2025, through June 30, 2026, and there is no commitment by the District beyond the period of performance. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - YOUNG AUTHORS GREENHOUSE Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the Young Authors Greenhouse and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VII.N.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5500 Terry Road Rationale On February 25, 2025, the Board of Education approved a contract for the purchase of approximately 3.9852 acres located at 5500 Terry Road between Rigoberto Mejia and Silvia Gomez Sanchez and Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky for the purchase price of $220,000. This amendment is for the purpose of granting a 60-day extension to the due diligence period. Due to time restrictions, this amendment was signed before the current due diligence expired with a notation of “pending board approval.” Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:050 the Kentucky Department of Education has given their preliminary approval to purchase this property. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement - 5500 Terry Road - Rigoberto Mejia Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5500 Terry Road. VII.O.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Shortened School Day for Four ECE Students Rationale The Kentucky Administrative Regulations, as outlined in the Exceptional Child Education Policies and Procedures Manual, requires that a shortened school day and/or week be submitted to the Board of Education for approval. This Board action is subject to confidentiality requirements according to policies and procedures in Chapter 9 Confidentiality of Information. Following approval by the Board of Education, the request will be submitted to the Kentucky Department of Education, Office of Special Education and Early Learning. The District must maintain the following documentation for all shortened school days and/or weeks approved by the Local Board of Education: Approval by the Local Board of Education (student confidentiality procedures must be followed when listing student information in the local Board minutes); Minutes of the Admissions and Release Committee (ARC) meeting documenting the ARC decision that a shortened school day and/or week is needed; A copy of the student’s Individual Education Plan documenting the shortened school day and/or week; and A copy of the physician's statement of the medical need. Per regulations, the students are being identified as SSW327, SSW328, SSD329, and SSD330. Student SSD327 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a shortened school DAY, FIVE HOUR and 5 MINUTE school days (M/T/W/TH/F). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD328 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a shortened school DAY, FIVE HOUR school days (M/T/W/TH/F). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD329 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a shortened school DAY, THREE HOUR school days (M/T/W/TH/F). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Student SSD330 has a medical condition, with proper physician documentation, which requires a shortened school DAY, FIVE HOUR school days (M/T/W/TH/F). Appropriate ECE procedures have been followed for this student, who is being served in a resource room in a special school setting. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve a shortened school day for four Exceptional Child Education Students. VII.P.
                                Recommendation for Approval of External Support/Booster Organizations Rationale External support/booster organizations are adult/parent organizations established to promote school programs or complement student groups or activities, (i.e., PTA, PTO, booster organizations, etc.). An external support/booster organization's purpose is to promote school programs, student groups, or activities at schools. Although external support/booster organizations work very closely with the District, they are separate legal entities and are responsible for adherence to IRS guidelines and Title IX regulations. Pursuant to Kentucky Department of Education Accounting Procedures for the Kentucky School Activity Funds Redbook Incorporated by Reference in 702 KAR 3:130, new external support/booster organizations must receive local board approval to establish, lend support, seek assistance, or fundraise in the name of the district, school, students, or a district or school program. In addition to each school having a PTA/PTSA/PTO, the External Support/Booster Organizations listed in the attachment request Board approval and have submitted appropriate documentation as required under the External Support/Booster Organizations General Guidelines of the Redbook. The organizations' officers are solely responsible for ensuring that their group is in compliance with District policies, external support/booster organization guidelines in the Redbook, and state and federal regulations. This report supports Strategies 3.1.4. Ensure responsible stewardship of resources and 3.2.1. Engage with families. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments BOARD APPROVED JCPS External Support & Boosters (Cummulative List) - BOARD APPROVED BOOSTERS FY26 School Booster Requests Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the addition of the attached list of External Support/Booster Organizations. VII.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval to Rename Grace M. James Academy of Excellence to Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence Rationale The principal, community partners including Louisville Urban League, Simmons College, and The Louisville Chapter of The Girl Friends have all submitted letters in support of changing the name of Grace M. James Academy of Excellence to Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence. The mission of Grace M. James Academy of Excellence is to empower, activate, and illuminate academic excellence in each and every girl through an Afrocentric, gender specific, STEAM curriculum. It is our belief that this name change is in alignment with our vision and Dr. James’ legacy as a pediatrician who served in the West Louisville community. Further, as a multi-level school with an Explore Health Science Pathway and offering high school biomedical career studies, we want to acknowledge the contributions of Dr. Grace James within the medical field in the Louisville community. This name change recognizes her achievement, legacy and contributions to our community, giving our students an aspirational role model in the STEAM field. Therefore, in accordance with Board Policy 05.11 School Property—Naming Facilities and Alterations and related procedures, it is appropriate that Grace M. James Academy of Excellence is changed to Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachments Attachments Rename Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education approve the renaming of Grace M. James Academy of Excellence to Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence. VII.R.
                                Adoption of Board Policies (2nd Reading) and Review of Administrative Procedures Rationale Each year, the Kentucky School Boards Association prepares draft amendments to Board policies and administrative procedures based on legislation passed by the Kentucky General Assembly and other changes to state and federal law and regulation. KRS 160.340 requires that these policies be approved by the Board annually by August 15. The Board Policy Committee reviewed these policies and administrative procedures during its meeting on June 16, 2025, which are recommended for approval by the Board. 01.111                     District Planning 04.1                         Budget Planning and Adoption 04.8                         Disposal of School Property 04.8 AP 1                 Disposal of School Property 01.0                        Definitions 01.5                        School Board Policies 02.413                    Exemption (SBDM) 02.421                    Election of School Council Members (SBDM) 02.421                    School Council Policies (SBDM) (waiver) 02.4242                  School Budget and Purchasing (SBDM) 03.1721                  Conflict of Interest (Certified) 03.2721                  Conflict of Interest (Classified) 03.11                      Hiring (Certified) 03.21                      Hiring (Classified 03.6                        Volunteers 03.4                        Substitute Teachers 04.32                      Model Procurement Code Purchasing 08.3                        School Calendar 09.122                    Attendance Requirements 09.2211                  Employee Reports of Criminal Activity 03.114                    Contract (Certified) 03.1232                  Sick Leave (Certified) 03.175                   Retirement 09.22                     Student Health and Safety 09.227                   Child Abuse 07.1                      Food/Nutrition Services 07.1 AP.1               School and Community Nutrition Program 08.1312                 Home/Hospital Instruction Submitted by: Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments KSBA Annual Board Policy and Administrative Procedure Update 2nd Reading Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio recommends the Board of Education adopt the attached Board Policies and review the attached administrative procedures. VII.S.
                                Recommendation to Make One Administrative Correction on the Salary Schedule, Make Corrections to Clarify Procedures in the Salary Placement Rules, and Recommend Authorization of a Substitute Administrator Rate Commensurate With a Superintendent's Responsibilities and Experience Rationale The intent of the Academics stipends was for this important work creating High Quality Instructional Resources to be paid to participating staff a maximum of once per semester, rather than once per year. The updated salary schedule makes this change so the District can harness the talents of our instructional staff. The Superintendent has authorized the hiring of Dr. H. Brian Yearwood as a substitute classified administrator, and recommends payment at a rate commensurate with a superintendent’s experience and responsibilities, for any onboarding days worked from June 24 through June 30, 2025. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments FY25-26 Salary Schedules 07.09.25 Salary Placement Rules 2025 2026 July 8 Final Recommended Motion Superintendent Martin Pollio receommends the Board of Educaion update the frequency of a stipend category on the salary schedule, clarify ambiguity in the salary placement rules regarding salary placement upon hire, promotion, and application of service credit when calculating reclassifications and promotions, and authorize a substitute administrator rate equal to a superintendent’s responsibilities and experience. VIII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) IX.
                                Adjournment Rationale Actions Taken Order #2025-121 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the July 8, 2025, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 6:54 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan.