KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County September 02, 2025 6:00 PM Regular Business Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Moment of Silence Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. II.
                                The Pledge of Allegiance II.A.
                                Vision Statement Rationale All Jefferson County Public School students graduate prepared, empowered, and inspired to reach their full potential and contribute as thoughtful, responsible citizens of our diverse, shared world. III.
                                Recognitions and Resolutions Actions Taken Order #2025-150 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the recognitions for September 2, 20025. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. III.A.
                                Recognition of the Transportation and General Operations Services Divisions for a Successful Start to the 2025-26 School Year Rationale The District’s Transportation and General Operations Services divisions delivered a smooth and successful start to the 2025–26 school year. On day one, every JCPS bus was cleared by 6:29 p.m. and on day two, by 5:58 p.m. This achievement reflects the dedication, precision, and teamwork of our transportation professionals, GIS and routing experts, and the tireless efforts of school staff to ensure every student arrived home safely. From carefully planned routes to the skillful execution of our bus drivers, this success story is a testament to the power of preparation and collaboration. The Transportation team continues to refine routes, address overloads, remove unused stops, and make strategic adjustments to improve efficiency even further. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the Transportation and General Operations Services divisions for a successful start to the 2025-26 school year. III.B.
                                Recognition of the JCPS Information Technology and Resource Development Divisions for Receiving a $4 Million Grant to Improve Cybersecurity Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools has announced a $4 million grant from the Federal Communications Commission to improve cybersecurity for the systems that protect all 96,000 students in the district from cybercrime, such as ransomware. Digital infrastructure powers everything from bus systems and school lunch software to online learning platforms and student databases. The speed, scope, and impact of cyber threats to K-12 schools continues to increase, putting these critical systems at risk. The $4 million will support key cybersecurity tools for the JCPS Information Technology team, including internal firewalls, acquiring an incident event management tool to unify visibility across its systems, and implementing logical network segmentation. These cybersecurity capabilities are essential to helping defenders combat advanced criminal networks, allowing the district to protect the most critical systems and data from hackers and minimize the harms even if hackers are able to gain access to one school’s network or a student’s account. This important investment in JCPS’s digital infrastructure comes from a Federal Communications Commission pilot program authorized in June 2024. JCPS was one of 700 school districts selected to receive a three-year grant, out of more than 2,700 applicants. The pilot received over $3.7 billion in requests despite only having $200 million in funding. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the JCPS Information Technology and Resource Development teams for securing a $4 million grant for cybersecurity. III.C.
                                Recognition of JCPS Exceptional Child Education Chief Kim Chevalier for receiving the 2025 Grissom Award for Innovation in Special Education Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) Chief of Exceptional Education (ECE) has won a 2025 Grissom Award for Innovation in Special Education. Kim Chevalier was presented the award at the Kentucky Board of Education’s (KBE’s) meeting on Aug. 7. Chevalier was recognized for transforming the largest special education program in Kentucky during a time of state-directed corrective action. The Grissom Award is given each year to Kentuckians or a Kentucky organization to honor outstanding dedication to improving student achievement for students with disabilities. The award recognizes those who exhibit leadership, commitment, and service to promote high student achievement through instructional equity and in closing the achievement gap for all children. According to a Kentucky Department of Education news release, Chevalier’s leadership not only “steered the district out of corrective status by 2020, but laid the foundation for sustainable, systemic improvement,” her nominator Jackie Williams, JCPS executive director of exceptional child education and special programs, wrote in her nomination letter. “Chief Chevalier’s approach is rooted in equity, innovation and a deep personal commitment to children,” Williams wrote. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize ECE Chief Kim Chevalier for receiving the 2025 Grissom Award for Innovation in Special Education. III.D.
                                Recognition of the Western Middle School for the Arts Band Program Rationale The Western Middle School for the Arts band program has been selected and invited to perform at the American School Band Directors Association (ASBDA) National Convention and Conference in June 2026. This is a tremendous honor—Western Middle School for the Arts is one of only two bands in the state of Kentucky chosen for this event. The ASBDA National Convention is a prestigious gathering of music educators and student musicians from across the country, and the school is thrilled to have the opportunity to showcase its students’ hard work, dedication, and talent on a national stage. Students are already looking forward to representing JCPS and the state of Kentucky with pride. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Western Middle School for the Arts band program for being selected to perform at the American School Band Directors Association National Convention and Conference in June 2026. III.E.
                                Recognition of a JCPS Bus Driver for Her Poise and Leadership During a Bus Accident Rationale On the afternoon of Monday, August 11, bus number 1764 was taking 44 students home from Cochrane Elementary School in Jeffersontown. While traveling down Watterson Trail, a large branch from a tree fell onto the bus, smashing the windshield and spraying glass into the bus. The driver, Donica Parker, stopped the bus, immediately called the bus compound to report what had happened, and began checking the students who were sitting in the front couple of rows. Despite having cuts on her face and chest and shards of glass in her cheek and hair, Ms. Parker calmly told the students that she was alright, they were alright, and everything was going to be fine. Along with a Jeffersontown police officer, Ms. Parker helped students off the bus and onto a lawn where she kept them calm while EMS checked them out and parents arrived to pick them up. Ms. Parker refused treatment from EMS until all of her students had been examined. She said, "I am so proud of my kids and the way they responded." Ms. Parker has been a JCPS bus driver for 12 years. The district greatly appreciates the way she responded during this frightening episode. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize JCPS Bus Driver Donica Parker for her response during a bus accident. III.F.
                                Recognition of the Inaugural Class of the Louisville Teacher Residency Program Rationale Graduates of the inaugural cohort of the Louisville Teacher Residency (LTR) who have maintained certified employment since their graduation from the LTR program are now eligible for tenure status, marking an exciting milestone for this group of trailblazers. We commend these dedicated educators for their hard work, perseverance, and commitment to the students of Jefferson County Public Schools. Their passion and preparation are already making a difference in classrooms, inspiring achievement, and fostering a love of learning. We celebrate their success and the positive impact they will continue to have on the lives of our students and the future of our community. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the inaugural class of the Louisville Teacher Residency Program. III.G.
                                Recognition of a JCPS Student who Attended the NYLF-Pathways to Stem Program at Vanderbilt University this Summer Rationale A JCPS sixth grader spent an incredible week exploring STEM concepts—from robots and engineering to dissecting a cow’s heart—during the National Youth Leadership Forum’s (NYLF) Pathways to STEM Program at Vanderbilt University, offered through Envision by Worldstrides. NYLF Pathways to STEM is a unique learning experience for bright, forward-thinking elementary school students who will evolve into next generation innovators, engineers, doctors, software developers, and scientists. Aspirational elementary school students enjoy six days at one of many program locations learning to program robots, training as doctors, and investigating a crime, all while making new friends and building necessary 21st century success skills. During her time in the program, Emma built robots, amusement park rides, and multi-use lanterns. She also enjoyed wellness time, field day, and learning about how to be a good leader and have meaningful relationships in life with herself and others. Emma was nominated for this experience last school year by staff at Cochrane Elementary School. She now attends Crosby Middle School. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize JCPS student Emma Shaffer for attending the NYLF-Pathways to STEM Program at Vanderbilt University. III.H.
                                Recognition of the Academy @ Shawnee Boys Soccer Team for their Inspiring Display of Community Service and School Pride Rationale On a hot summer day, dedicated student-athletes from the Academy @ Shawnee boys soccer team traded cleats for work gloves, spending their time mowing, weeding, and cleaning up the area around 41st and Market Street in West Louisville. They worked with pride and purpose, demonstrating that teamwork extends far beyond the soccer field. Throughout the day, passing cars offered honks, shoutouts, and words of encouragement—clear signs that the community saw their efforts and truly appreciated them. Thank you to the Academy @ Shawnee boys soccer team for showing what it means to lead by example, uplift your neighborhood, and represent your school with excellence. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the Academy @ Shawnee boys soccer team for their inspiring display of community service and school pride. IV.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 9 2 25 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2025-151 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda for September 2, 2025. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 8 19 25 Minutes Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2025-152 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the August 19, 2025, meeting minutes. The recommendation  passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. James Craig. VI.
                                Superintendent's Report VII.
                                Student Outcomes-Focused Governance Update VII.A.
                                Recommendation to Receive Monitoring Report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 1: Protect Safety Rationale The Board will receive a report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 1: Protect Safety. This monitoring session is a conversation between the board and superintendent that provides boards the opportunity to evaluate the alignment between the community’s values (guardrails) and current performance (reality). Monitoring is about understanding the extent to which reality matches the Board’s adopted goals and guardrails.  Monitoring is not about offering advice or recommendations; most monitoring is about understanding where we are and how we got here and to see what’s working/not working, and the expectation that this information impacts what happens next. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Guardrail 1 Presentation 9.2.25vF Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 1: Protect Safety. Actions Taken Order #2025-153 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 1: Protect Safety. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. VIII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . IX.
                                Action Items X.
                                Information Items X.A.
                                Update on District Applicant Data Rationale This update addresses the Board's request to have data presented every other month that would show the amount of current job openings, how many positions have been filled over the past two months, the number of applications received during that period, and the time it takes for applicants to begin employment. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments September 2 HR Board Presentation Final Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the Update on District Applicant Data. Actions Taken Order #2025-154 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the Update on District Applicant Data. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. XI.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2025-155 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar for September 2, 2025. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. XI.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2025-09-02.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. XI.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2025-09-02.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. XI.C.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education onSeptember 2, 2025. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments FIELD TRIPS 09-02-2025 APPROVED BY THE SUPERINTENDENT 09-02-2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. XI.D.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Operable Partition Replacement at Various Schools Rationale This project will consist of replacing the operable partitions between the gym and cafeteria at Luhr and Zachary Taylor Elementary Schools. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Various Schools - Operable Partition Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Tony Kleyer, Architect as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Operable Partition Replacement at Various Schools, for an estimated project cost of $200,925. XI.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Pool HVAC Unit Replacement at Central High School MCA Rationale On March 26, 2024, the Board of Education approved CMTA, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 24-289. On June 25, 2024, the Board approved awarding a contract to Intertech Mechanical Services, Inc. as the low bidder. CMTA, Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Central HS MCA - Pool HVAC Unit Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Intertech Mechanical Services, Inc. for Pool HVAC Unit Replacement at Central High School MCA for a total construction cost of $169,806. XI.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 9-2-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. XI.G.
                                Notification of Various Utility Easements at Okolona Elementary School Rationale The Louisville Gas & Electric easement is to provide new electrical service for the project. The Louisville and Jefferson County Metropolitan Sewer District (MSD) Sanitary Sewer and Drainage Easement allows for the purpose of constructing, operating, maintaining, repairing, and reconstructing sanitary sewers, drains, and related equipment, structures or materials for the project. The granting of the above easements will not affect the integrity or usefulness of the property crucial to the educational needs of the District. This item directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments Notification of Various Easements - Okolona ES - LG&E Notification of Various Easements - Okolona ES - MSD Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive notice of various utility easements for the new school building project at Okolona Elementary School. XI.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewal, and Amendment Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. There are no tie bids. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewal, and Amendment_09 02 25 Amendment on Health & Hygiene Supplies & Equipment (Line Item) Electrical Service Shoes, Athletic for 15th District PTA Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached bid tabulations, contract renewal, and amendment. XI.I.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer XI.I.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 07.28.25 - 08.10.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of July 28, 2025, through August 10, 2025. XI.I.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Oders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 07.28.25 - 08.10.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 07.28.25 - 08.10.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of July 28, 2025, through August 10, 2025. XI.I.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 07.28.25 - 08.10.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of July 28, 2025, through August 10, 2025. XI.J.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding XI.J.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale This is a report of donations and small grants submitted to the Board of Education on September 2, 2025. Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Donations and Small Grants Report September 2, 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $120,253.43 to be used as stated in the attachment. XI.J.2.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Kentucky Department of Education - Office of Adult Education Rationale JCPS has been awarded an increase of $145,086.00 from the Kentucky Department of Education (KDE) to support the Adult and Continuing Education Programs. These funds will continue to provide adult learners with literacy, adult basic education, GED preparation, Family Education, English as a Second Language, transitions to postsecondary education, Corrections, and Workforce Services. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement with KDE Office of Adult Education Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Agreement with the Kentucky Department of Education, accept an increase in funding in the amount of $145,086, and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.K.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements XI.K.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Kentuckiana Rationale Big Brothers Big Sisters of Kentuckiana, in collaboration with JCPS, will provide caring, competent, and consistent adults in the lives of students through a mentorship program. The program will offer students participation in enriching small-group mentoring activities that improve their social skills. It will also use interactive and engaging activities and curriculum to help students explore and develop their goals, identity, strengths, and interests. The program will also develop essential workforce readiness skills such as self-advocacy, resume writing, interview skills, managing personal finances, conflict management, independent living, time management, self-care and personal health, effective leadership and communication, and exploring career, trade school, college, and other post-graduation options. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA  - Big Brothers Big Sisters Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Kentunckiana and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.K.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Edmentun Learning Platform Rationale Edmentum provides software licenses and support that gives teachers and students access to digital resources including Courseware, Exact Path, and Study Island. Edmentum also provides services related to these products such as training and technical support. The attached Data Privacy Agreement (DPA) details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement and will terminate when the services contract terminates. All procedures and processes will be FERPA Compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. Instructure dba Sneak on the Lot is a comprehensive set of interconnected teaching and assessment tools to be used to support students in preparing to demonstrate postsecondary readiness and skills in a technical trade. Approval of this DPA will allow any JCPS location to purchase the resource following JCPS Model Procurement and Purchasing guidelines. The cost is not to exceed standard vendor pricing per school per year. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments DPA - Edmentum Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Edmentum Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.K.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Everway Holdco, LLC Rationale Everway Holdco, LLC is a provider with a comprehensive set of software licenses and support to be used to support students and schools. Approval of this DPA will allow any JCPS location to purchase these resources following JCPS Model Procurement and Purchasing guidelines. The cost is not to exceed standard vendor pricing per school per year and will be funded through each school’s or department’s individual budgets. The goal of the Data Privacy Agreement (DPA) is to protect personally identifiable student information and other regulated data exchanged between them as required by applicable laws and regulations, such as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), and applicable state privacy laws and regulations. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments DPA Everway Holdco, LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Everway Holdco, LLC and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.K.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Project Lead the Way - Olmsted Academy South Rationale Olmsted Academy South has been awarded $10,000 in grant funding from Project Lead the Way (PLTW) specifically for the PLTW Gateway Program. This grant will support the implementation of the program in partnership with Lockheed Martin. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - Project Lead The Way Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Project Lead the Way, accept the grant funds in the amount of $10,000, and authorize the Superintendent to sign same. XI.K.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Seven Counties Services, Inc. for Pre-Employment Transition Services Rationale The Exceptional Child Education (ECE) Department will collaborate with Seven Counties Work Matters Program to offer Pre-Employment Transition Services (Pre-ETS) to qualifying students with disabilities ages 14-21. Pre-ETS encompasses five core areas as required by federal and state regulations. These include job exploration counseling, work-based learning experiences, postsecondary counseling, workplace readiness training, and instruction in self-advocacy. JCPS will collaborate with Seven Counties Work Matters Pre-ETS Program to identify eligible students who may benefit from their services. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments MOA - Seven Counties Inc Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Seven Counties Services, Inc. and authorize the superintendent sign same. XI.K.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Spalding University for Dual Credit Rationale This affiliation agreement between Spalding University and Eastern High School allows students to enroll in courses at Spalding University and receive college credit. The terms of this partnership agreement follow the National Alliance of Concurrent Enrollment Partnerships (NACEP) standards of practice. This agreement also follows the SACS OCS accreditation standards for credential adjunct faculty. This agreement complies with the Kentucky Dual Credit (DC) and Work Ready (WR) Scholarship Programs and includes negotiated points outlined in the Postsecondary Partner Institution (PPI) agreement with the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA) who manages the Kentucky DC and WR scholarships. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA Spalding University and Eastern High School Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Spalding University and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.K.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Theta Omega Inc., Men of Quality Mentoring Program Rationale The Men of Quality mentoring program is offered in various schools throughout the Jefferson County Public School District. The program is sponsored by Theta Omega Inc., and its goal is to help young men set realistic goals, realize that the future belongs to those who are prepared, and become role models who can share their time, resources, and efforts in giving back to their community and country. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - THETA OMEGA INC - MEN OF QUALITY MENTORING PROGRAM Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Theta Omega Inc. Men of Quality Mentoring Program, and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.K.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Murray State for Dual Credit Rationale The Dual Credit Partnership Agreement with Murray State University outlines the partnership for when high school students from JCPS enroll in dual credit courses offered by Murray State University through the Racer Academy program. The terms of this partnership agreement follow the National Alliance of Concurrent Enrollment Partnerships (NACEP) standards of practice. This agreement also follows the SACS OCS accreditation standards for credential adjunct faculty. This agreement complies with the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarship Programs and includes negotiated points outlined in the Postsecondary Partner Institution (PPI) agreement with the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA) who manages the Kentucky DC and WR scholarships. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Racer Academy Dual Credit Partnership Agreement with Murray State University Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Murray State and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.K.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to the Student Placement Agreement with the University of Kentucky Rationale In accordance with administrative regulation 16 KAR 5:040 Admission, Placement, and Supervision in Student Teaching, promulgated by the Kentucky Education Professional Standards Board (EPSB), the District has an established and ongoing agreement with the University of Kentucky regarding student placement. This is an amendment to that agreement to be effective for the 2025-2026 school year. Student Placement Agreements permit teacher education students to engage in supplementary instructional activities with JCPS students under the direction and supervision of the professional administrative and teaching staff of the District. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments MOA - UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to the Student Placement Agreement with the University of Kentucky and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.K.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Dare to Care Food, Inc. Rationale This Agreement outlines a partnership between JCPS and Dare to Care Food, Inc. to implement the Cooking Matters program in JCPS schools. The agreement is directly connected to the District’s Strategic Plan, Goal One Deeper Learning. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 3.2.1. and 3.3.1, which states that each student will have access to responsive services using best practices to strengthen relationships with families, stakeholders, and the community. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - Dare to Care Food, Inc Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Dare to Care Food, Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.L.
                                Acceptance of Report on the Required Kentucky Administrative Regulation Board Notification of Data Security Rationale The JCPS Technology Division, through the Chief Information Officer, has reviewed the Data Security and Breach Notification and Best Practices Guide , and continues to implement the best practices that meet the needs of the reasonable security of personal information of the district. While 100% security represents a theoretical goal, the measures already implemented, and the ones that will be implemented, reflect both the importance of the system, and the resources available to protect it. Any initiative in support of this compliance that requires additional funding will be presented to the board in due course, in addition to the compliance acknowledgment will be presented to the board each year. Submitted by: Eric Satterly Attachment Attachments Report Information Security 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on the Board Notification of Data Security safeguards. XI.M.
                                Acceptance of the Time and Attendance School and Community Nutrition Services Audit Report Rationale As outlined in the JCPS Internal Audit Charter and the professional standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors, internal audit reports provide critical insight into the governance, risk management, and internal control processes of the organization. The Time and Attendance School and Community Nutrition Services Internal Audit Report presents the findings, recommendations, and action plans related to the management and oversight of time and attendance school and community nutrition services. Acceptance of this report affirms the Board’s commitment to transparency and continuous improvement through the Internal Audit function. Submitted by: May Porter Attachment Attachments Time and Attendance NS Audit Report 0825 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept the attached Time and Attendance School and Community Nutrition Services Internal Audit Report. XI.N.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Assurances to Comply with House Bill 48 Rationale Approval of this agenda item will provide formal assurance that  Jefferson County Public Schools’ certified evaluation plans meet requirements in KRS 156.557 and 704 KAR 3:370 and is compliant with all requirements set forth in House Bill 48. The Google Form to be submitted has check boxes (bullets) for the following assurances: The evaluation criteria and process used to evaluate certified school personnel shall be explained to and discussed with the evaluatee no later than the end of the evaluatee’s first thirty (30) calendar days of reporting for employment each school year. (704 KAR 3:370) All certified school personnel who have not attained continuing service status shall receive an annual summative evaluation and shall incorporate the formative data collected during the Kentucky Teacher Internship Program (if funded). (KRS 156.557)Option 2 All certified school personnel who have attained continuing service status shall receive a summative evaluation once every five (5) years. (KRS 156.557) Each evaluator will be trained, tested, and approved in the use of appropriate evaluation techniques (KRS 156.557). This plan requires a summative evaluation of certified school personnel to be documented in writing and to be included in the evaluatee’s official personnel record. (704 KAR 3:370) The local evaluation plan provides for the right to a hearing as to every appeal, an opportunity to review all documents presented to the evaluation appeals panel, and a right to presence of evaluatee’s chosen representative (KRS 156.557). The evaluation plan process will not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability, or any other protected characteristic, as required by all applicable federal, state, and local law. The local board of education shall review, as needed, the district’s certified evaluation plan to ensure compliance with KRS 156.557 and this administrative regulation. If a source of evidence is added or removed from the certified evaluation plan or if a decision rule or calculation is changed in the summative rating formula, the revised certified evaluation plan shall be reviewed and approved by the local board of education. If the local board of education determines the changes do not meet the requirements of KRS 156.557, the certified evaluation plan shall be returned to the certified evaluation committee for revision. The local board of education approved the evaluation plan as recorded in the minutes of the meeting. (704 KAR 3:370) Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachments JCBE Copy of Certified Evaluation Cycles Addendum (2) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the formal assurance that Jefferson County Public Schools’ certified evaluation plans meet requirements in KRS 156.557 and 704 KAR 3:370 and is compliant with all requirements set forth in House Bill 48. XI.O.
                                Adoption of Attached Board Policies (2nd Reading) Rationale The Board Policy Committee reviewed these policies during its meeting on July 25, 2025, and recommends them for approval. The polices received their first reading at the August 19, 2025, Board meeting. Policies and Administrative Procedures Recommended by JCPS Staff 04.9                          Audits 03.121                      Salaries (Certified) 03.1234                    Medical Leave (Certified) 03.2234                    Medical Leave (Classified) 03.1233                    Unpaid Child Rearing Leave (Certified) 03.2233                    Unpaid Child Rearing Leave (Classified) 03.12332                  Unpaid Adoption Leave (Certified) 03.22332                  Unpaid Adoption Leave (Classified) Technical Amendments 02.11                      Qualifications of Superintendent 08.11                      Course of Study 02.4241                  School Council Policies 03.123                    Leaves and Absences (Certified) 03.223                    Leaves and Absences (Classified) Submitted by: Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments Policies  for 2nd Reading & Apprroval 08-19-2025 v2 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education adopt the attached Board Policies. XII.
                                Board Planning Calendar Rationale Board members may review and offer suggestions for future Board meeting agendas during the Board Planning Calendar portion of regular Board meetings. A list of selected Board of Education discussion agenda items has been compiled for use by the Board and administrative staff. The list includes activities for action and discussion. It is anticipated that staff will use this list to avoid scheduling conflicts, improve coordination and support of activities, enhance planning, and increase awareness of upcoming board meeting activities. Attachment Attachments Planning Calendar Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. Actions Taken Order #2025-156 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. XIII.
                                Committee Reports Rationale Meeting dates and times can be accessed on the JCPS Calendar of Events . Meeting materials and Minutes from previous meetings can be accessed here . XIV.
                                Board Reports Rationale Each meeting shall contain an opportunity for Board members to report on noteworthy events pertaining to the work of schools and the District. XV.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) XVI.
                                Executive Session (If Necessary) XVII.
                                Action Item (If Necessary) XVIII.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2025-157 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the September 2, 2025, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 7:38 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett.