KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County January 20, 2026 6:00 PM Regular Business Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Moment of Silence Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. II.
                                The Pledge of Allegiance II.A.
                                Vision Statement Rationale All Jefferson County Public School students graduate prepared, empowered, and inspired to reach their full potential and contribute as thoughtful, responsible citizens of our diverse, shared world. III.
                                Organization of the Board: Election of Chairperson Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.41 Board Organizational Meeting, the Board shall conduct an organizational meeting at its first regular meeting in January. At this meeting, the Board shall elect a Chairperson and a Vice-Chairperson from among its members. The duties and responsibilities of the Board Chairperson and Vice-Chairperson are set forth in Board Policy 01. 411. The Chairperson of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board and shall have a vote on motions placed for action before the Board. She or he shall sign such documents on behalf of the Board as may require signature. The Chairperson shall represent the Board in deliberations with other boards, districts, or agencies unless another member of the Board is so designated. The Chairperson shall perform all duties required by the Kentucky Revised Statutes and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by action of the Board. In the event that the Chairperson of the Board is absent from any meeting of said Board, the Vice-Chairperson of the Board shall act as Chairperson. In the event that both are absent, the Board shall designate another member of the Board to act as temporary chairperson. If for any reason the Office of the Chairperson becomes vacant, the Vice-Chairperson shall act as Chairperson until a new Chairperson is elected. A new Chairperson shall be elected on or before the second regular organizational meeting date following the vacancy and shall serve until the first regular meeting in January. Actions Taken Order #2026-5 - Motion Passed: A motion for Dr. Corrie Shull to be elected as Chairperson to serve a one-year term passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. IV.
                                Organization of the Board: Election of Vice-Chairperson Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.41 Board Organizational Meeting, the Board shall conduct an organizational meeting at its first regular meeting in January. At this meeting, the Board shall elect a Chairperson and a Vice-Chairperson from among its members. As set forth in  Board Policy 01.411 Duties and Responsibilities of the Chairperson and Vice-Chairperson, in the event that the Chairperson of the Board is absent, the Vice-Chairperson shall perform all duties of the Chairperson. Actions Taken Order #2026-6 - Motion Passed: A motion for Mr. James Craig to be elected as Vice- Chairperson to serve a one-year term passed with a motion by Dr. Corrie Shull and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. V.
                                Recognitions and Resolutions Actions Taken Order #2026-7 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the January 20, 2026, Recognitions. The recommendations passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. V.A.
                                Recognition of Newcomer Academy Teacher Hui Couch on Winning the November 2025 Honored National Teaching Award Rationale Hui Couch, a 9th-grade algebra teacher at Newcomer Academy, was the recipient of the November 2025 Honored National Teaching Award. Honored is a national nonprofit organization dedicated to honoring and elevating great teachers. She was nominated by the Modern Classrooms Project, a national nonprofit that supports teachers in creating blended, self-paced, mastery-based learning environments that personalize instruction and increase student engagement. Hui was recognized for her impactful teaching in a multilingual classroom serving students with nine home languages. By implementing the Modern Classrooms Project approach, she fosters an inclusive, student-centered learning environment that supports academic growth while building essential life skills. Her dedication extends beyond mathematics instruction, as she intentionally equips students with empathy, independence, and resilience. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Hui Couch for winning the November 2025 Honored National Teaching Award. V.B.
                                Recognition of Samantha Howard and Brittany Mason for Winning Awards for Their Contributions to the Field of Applied Behavior Analysis Rationale On November 15, 2025, two distinguished members of our Exceptional Child Education (ECE) Department were recognized for their outstanding contributions to the field of Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) at the Kentucky Association for Applied Behavior Analysis (KYABA) Conference, held at the Kentucky International Convention Center. Samantha Howard, MSD Supervisor, received the KYABA Friend of Behavior Analysis Award, which honors individuals outside the ABA field who have made significant contributions to advancing behavior analysis. Brittany Mason, Board Certified Behavior Analyst, was awarded the Educator for ABA Award in recognition of her impactful work integrating behavior analysis practices within the school system. The continued excellence of these ECE staff members supports students, staff, and inclusive educational practices across our district. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Samantha Howard and Brittany Mason for winning awards for their contributions to the field of applied behavior analysis. V.C.
                                Recognition of Eight JCPS Middle, High, and State Agency Schools for Earning Positive Behavior Interventions and Supports (PBIS) Recognition from the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale The Kentucky Department of Education has recognized 11 elementary schools and eight middle, high, and state agency schools for their implementation of Positive Behavior Interventions and Supports, or PBIS. The schools being recognized tonight by the Jefferson County Board of Education are the eight middle, high, and state agency schools. They received either a Bronze, tier one level; a Silver, tiers one and two; or Gold, tiers one, two, and three. Congratulations to: Noe—Bronze Level Echo Trail—Gold Level Grace James—Bronze Level Kammerer—Bronze Level Mary Ryan—Bronze Level Brooklawn—Silver Level Home of the Innocents—Bronze Level Central—Bronze Level Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize eight schools for their fidelity of implementation of PBIS. V.D.
                                Recognition of Academy @ Shawnee Students and Staff Recognized at the Good Business Summit Rationale Academy @ Shawnee students and staff were recognized at the Good Business Summit in November 2025 for showcasing their leadership and innovation through Canopy’s “Business Beyond Profit” curriculum. This pilot program, developed in partnership with Canopy and JCPS educator Dr. Reginald McDaniel, empowers students to address real-world business challenges while prioritizing purpose, community impact, and joy. Shawnee students demonstrated how they applied entrepreneurial skills to support local businesses and develop solutions to community needs in Louisville’s West End, redefining success beyond profit alone. Their work highlights the power of experiential learning and purpose-driven education. Congratulations to the Academy @ Shawnee students and staff for their outstanding representation of JCPS and for leading the way in innovative, community-focused business education. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Academy @ Shawnee students and staff who were recognized at the Good Business Summit. V.E.
                                Recognition of Central High Magnet Career Academy’s Flag Football Team for Competing in the State Semi-Finals Rationale The Central Yellowjackets flag football team had a dominant 2025 season. Central had multiple players rank in the top 10 in many categories, including passing, receiving, and interceptions. Ziya Valez-Smith led the state in receiving yards. A season that included five All-Region players, the Yellowjackets went into the postseason with a perfect 6-0 record under head coach Deshawn Pendleton. They were also the only public school to play in the state semi-finals. As the sport of flag football continues to grow, Central plans on continuing its reign of being one of the best programs in the state. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Central’s flag football team for its success on the field. V.F.
                                Recognition of Atherton High School’s Football Team for its First Regional Championship Rationale When Anthony White took over the Atherton football program in 2019, it was seen as a difficult place to win, having decades of losing seasons. But in 2021, the program won its first playoff game, and it’s been getting better every year. This year, the Ravens won their first regional title over 5A power Bowling Green and won 12 games—the most in a single season. As Atherton’s program continues to ascend, coach White said in an interview with JCPS that the Ravens are “here” as a program. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Atherton’s football team for its regional championship. V.G.
                                Recognition of the Jefferson County Board of Education in Observance of National School Board Recognition Month Rationale The Jefferson County Public School (JCPS) District joins Kentucky’s public school districts to mark the state’s observance of January as National School Board Recognition Month. This is a time for students, parents, staff, and the community to join together to honor the outstanding leadership, dedication, and contributions of our school board members. Members of the Jefferson County Board of Education work collaboratively with businesses, organizations, parents, and community members to offer school programs that enhance the educational experience of all children and move students to a higher level. Board members work tirelessly to ensure a successful learning environment and prepare all JCPS students to graduate college- and career-ready. They are committed to meeting the diverse educational needs of all children and to empower them to become competent, productive contributors to a democratic society and an ever-changing world. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends recognizing the Jefferson County Board of Education in observance of National School Board Recognition Month. V.H.
                                Recognition of the Men of Quality Mentoring Program Rationale Men of Quality – 30-Year Impact Statement (1996–2026) For thirty years, the Men of Quality Mentoring Initiative, founded by the Theta Omega Chapter of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. has stood as a powerful example of what community-driven mentorship can accomplish when vision, accountability, and belief in young people come together. Born from the ideals of the 1995 Million Man March and formally approved by the Jefferson County Board of Education on January 22, 1996, the program has positively impacted more than 4,000 young men across Jefferson County Public Schools' elementary, middle, and high schools. Men of Quality has helped students set purposeful goals, prepare for their futures, and develop into leaders committed to character, service, and giving back to their community and country. As Men of Quality marks its 30th anniversary in January 2026, we extend our sincere gratitude to the JCPS Board of Education and the entire JCPS team for their enduring partnership and support in sustaining this legacy of service, excellence, and empowerment. VI.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 1 20 26 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2026-8 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the January 20, 2026, agenda. The recommendation passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VII.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 12 9 25 Minutes Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the December 9, 2025, Business Meeting. Actions Taken Order #2026-9 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Minutes of the December 9, 2025, Business Meeting, pending review of votes by Ms. Logan Strange,  passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. VIII.
                                Superintendent's Report Actions Taken Order #2026-10 - Motion Passed: A motion to direct the Superintendent to fully fund Mental Health Practitioners, retaining the existing school-based staffing model and allocation. This motion will remove the Mental Health Practitioners from the proposed budget reductions, which were estimated at $7.6 million. To ensure the elimination of this reduction item does not negatively impact the superintendent's reduction plan, I recommend that principals be permitted to purchase an AIC (Academic Instructional Coach) comparable support position, saving the General Fund $7.3 million. This will also retain a $7.3 million commitment to Dr. Yearwood's new Instructional Coaching Model. The motion
 passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Dr. Corrie Shull. IX.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . X.
                                Information Items X.A.
                                Acceptance of Report from Alvarez and Marsal on the Independent Forecast Verification Rationale At the direction of the Superintendent, an independent forecast verification was initiated to assess the reasonableness and consistency of assumptions supporting forecasted revenues, expenditures, and the projected deficit. Alvarez & Marsal, the firm engaged to perform this work, will present the results of its verification to support leadership and Board awareness of key assumptions, risks, and considerations related to projected expenditures and overall financial outlook. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment(s) Attachments JCPS Final Report - Board Presentation Final Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on the Independent Forecast Verification from Alvarez and Marsal. Actions Taken Order #2026-11 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on the Independent Forecast Verification from Alvarez and Marsal. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. X.B.
                                Acceptance of Budget Reductions and Central Office Reorganization Rationale The Board will receive information regarding proposed budget reductions and Central Office reorganization. Submitted by: Superintendent Brian Yearwood Attachments Strategic Realignment Briefing Prsentation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive information regarding proposed budget reductions and Central Office reorganization. Actions Taken Order #2026-12 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive information regarding proposed budget reductions and Central Office reorganization. The recommendation  passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister. XI.
                                Action Items XI.A.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Closure of King Elementary School, the Closure of Zachary Taylor Elementary School, and the Relocation of Liberty High School to the Gheens Building for the 2026-27 School Year Rationale The closure of King Elementary School, the closure of Zachary Tylor Elementary School, and the relocation of  Liberty High School are part of the District’s budget stabilization and long-term planning efforts to improve efficiency and cost-effectiveness while maintaining the educational services and supports needed for students to succeed. Submitted by: Superintendent Brian Yearwood Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the following, effective at the end of the 2025-26 school year: 1. The closure of King Elementary School at 4325 Vermont Avenue, Louisville, KY 40211; 2. The closure of Zachary Taylor Elementary School at 9620 Westport Road, Louisville, KY 40241. 3. The relocation of Liberty High School serving middle and high school students from 3901 Atkinson Square Drive, Louisville, KY 40219 to the Gheens Building at 4425 Preston Highway, Louisville, KY 40213. Actions Taken Order #2026-13 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the following, effective at the end of the 2025-26 school year:
1. The closure of King Elementary School at 4325 Vermont Avenue, Louisville, KY 40211;
2. The closure of Zachary Taylor Elementary School at 9620 Westport Road, Louisville, KY 40241. 
3. The relocation of Liberty High School serving middle and high school students from 3901 Atkinson Square Drive, Louisville, KY 40219, to the Gheens Building at 4425 Preston Highway, Louisville, KY 40213. The recommendation
 passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mr. James Craig. XI.B.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Student Enrollment Projections and School Allocation Standards, and Acceptance of General Fund Draft Budget for Fiscal Year 2026-27 Rationale Enrollment Projections for Fiscal Year 2026-27 District student enrollment projections and individual school enrollment projections are reviewed and revised annually and reported to the members of the Board of Education for approval. The review and Board approval ensure that District staff can appropriately plan for staffing of schools, adequate budgeting, and student programming for K-12. There are also separate projections for Exceptional Child Education Self-Contained (LRE-6C) and Early Childhood Education classes that are funded and staffed separately and differently from the K-12 program. The projections are based on District and school enrollment history and trends, population changes throughout the county, birth rates, and optimal capacities. Sources for this data include the Louisville-Jefferson County Information Consortium (LOJIC), Kids Count Data Center, Jefferson County Planning and Zoning, American Community Survey, and the U.S. Census Bureau. Allocation Standards for Fiscal Year 2026-27 As required by regulation, School Allocation Standards are being submitted for the Board's approval. After approval, these standards become policy per 702 KAR 3:246, sections 4, 5, and 6. Sections 4 and 5 provide for the allocation of certified staff and classified staff respectively. The classroom teacher allocation for each school will be provided as described in the School Allocation Standards for Fiscal Year 2026-2027.  The JCPS Needs Index provides a student-weighted approach to the equitable funding of elementary, middle, and high schools. The allocation to school councils for operational provisions is provided within these standards according to Section 6 of the same regulation. Section 6 per pupil allocation for all schools will be based on the required 3.5% of the current SEEK base per pupil allocation. Section 7 specific board allocations are also identified within the School Allocation Standards. Draft Budget for Fiscal Year 2026-27 KRS 160.470(6)(a) requires that each district board of education shall, on or before January 31st of each year, formally and publicly examine detailed line-item estimated revenues and proposed expenditures for the subsequent fiscal year. State law requires that the local board review the Draft Budget by January 31st of each year. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns and Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments Board Meeting Financial Budget Presentation FY27 Draft Budget Board Meeting 2026-27 Final Projections FY27 School Allocation Standards Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Student Enrollment Projections and School Allocation Standards, and receive the General Fund Draft Budget for Fiscal Year 2026-27. Actions Taken Order #2026-14 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Student Enrollment Projections for Fiscal Year 2026-27 passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. Order #2026-15 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the School Allocation Standards for Fiscal Year 2026-27 passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. Order #2026-16 - Motion Passed: A motion to receive the General Fund Draft Budget for Fiscal Year 2026-27 passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. XII.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2026-17 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Consent Calendar MINUS: XII.M. Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. Order #2026-18 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve Consent Calendar Item: XII.M. Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mr. Trevin Bass. XII.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Certified Leaves 2026-01-20.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. XII.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Personnel Actions 2026-01-20.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. XII.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions XII.C.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Administration Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ADMINISTRATION 2026-01-20 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XII.D.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on January 20, 2026. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments FIELD TRIPS 01-20-2026 FIELD TRIPS APPROVED BY THE SUPERINTENDENT 01-20-2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. XII.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Watterson Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of replacing the school’s boiler and chiller. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 26-008. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on December 12, 2025.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Watterson ES - Boiler & Chiller Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to Walker Mechanical Contractors, Inc. for Boiler and Chiller Replacement at Watterson Elementary School for the low base bid of $301,000; accept Alternate 1 for a total bid of $301,000; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $464,000. XII.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of BG-1 Form to Dispose of the Real Property and Declare the Real Property as Surplus to the Educational Program Needs of the District at Ernest Camp Edwards Education Complex Rationale The disposal does not affect the integrity or usefulness of property crucial to the educational needs of the district. The BG-1 form is the official request for permission from the Kentucky Department of Education to dispose of the property by auction or sale. The Kentucky Department of Education requires that the real property be designated as surplus to meet the requirements of 702 KAR 4:090 Property Disposal. The project directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Ernest Camp Edwards EC - Site Disposition Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the BG-1 form to dispose of the real property at Ernest Camp Edwards Education Complex, located at 701 South Hancock Street, and declare the real property as surplus to the educational needs of the District as determined by the effective district facility plan. XII.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Revised BG-1 Forms XII.G.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Revised BG-1 Form for New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson MS) Bid Package II – New Building Rationale On September 3, 2024, the Board of Education approved Schmidt Associates, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-035. On December 9, 2025, the Board of Education approved awarding a contract to Redlee Construction & Development, Inc. In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires revision of the BG-1 form when a change in fee occurs. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 New MS West Louisville (Hudson MS) Bid Package II - New Building - Change in Fees Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached revised BG-1 form for New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson MS) Bid Package II – New Building in the amount of $60,056,000. XII.G.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Revised BG-1 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Louisville Male High School Rationale On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved Schmidt Associates, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-008. On February 25, 2025, the Board of Education approved awarding a contract to OHeil Site Solutions. In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires revision of the BG-1 form when change orders exceed the budgeted contingency amount. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Louisville Male HS - Athletic Stadium Renovation - CO Contingency Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached revised BG-1 form for Athletic Stadium Renovation at Louisville Male High School in the amount of $2,654,000. XII.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Projects, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Forms XII.H.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovations at Atherton High School Rationale This project consists of a stadium renovation including replacing the existing grass with synthetic turf, new goal posts, new scoreboard, resurfacing and rubberizing the existing track, new bleachers, and new concession building and restrooms. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Atherton HS - Athletic Stadium Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Studio Kremer Architects as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Athletic Stadium Renovations at Atherton High School, for an estimated project cost for $4,324,449. XII.H.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovations at Eastern High School Rationale This project consists of a stadium renovation including replacing the existing grass with synthetic turf, new goal posts, new scoreboard, resurfacing and rubberizing the existing track, and new visitor bleachers. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Eastern HS - Athletic Stadium Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Schmidt Associates, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Athletic Stadium Renovations at Eastern High School, for an estimated project cost for $3,435,602. XII.H.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovations at Butler Traditional High School Rationale This project consists of a stadium renovation including replacing the existing grass with synthetic turf, new goal posts, new scoreboard, resurfacing and rubberizing the existing track, and new concession building and restrooms. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Butler THS - Athletic Stadium Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Pickett Passafiume Architects as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Athletic Stadium Renovations at Butler Traditional High School, for an estimated project cost for $4,822,687. XII.H.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovations at Fairdale High School Rationale This project consists of a stadium renovation including replacing the existing grass with synthetic turf, new goal posts, new scoreboard, resurfacing and rubberizing the existing track, repairing of the existing bleachers, and new concession building and restrooms. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Fairdale HS - Athletic Stadium Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Tony Kleyer, Architect as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Athletic Stadium Renovations at Fairdale High School, for an estimated project cost for $3,566,924. XII.H.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovations at Valley High School Rationale This project consists of a stadium renovation including replacing the existing grass with synthetic turf, new goal posts, new scoreboard, resurfacing and rubberizing the existing track, and new bleachers. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Valley HS - Athletic Stadium Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of The Kleingers Group as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Athletic Stadium Renovations at Valley High School, for an estimated project cost for $4,051,152. XII.H.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Athletic Stadium Renovations at Southern High School Rationale This project consists of a stadium renovation including replacing the existing grass with synthetic turf, new goal posts, new scoreboard, resurfacing and rubberizing the existing track, repairing of the existing bleachers, and new concession building and restrooms. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Southern HS - Athletic Stadium Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Schmidt Associates, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Athletic Stadium Renovations at Southern High School, for an estimated project cost for $3,816,043. XII.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Office Renovations at George Unseld Early Childhood Learning Center Rationale On June 25, 2024, the Board of Education approved alt32 Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-028. On March 18, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to WPC Company, Inc. as the low bidder. alt32 Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 George Unseld ECLC - Office Renovations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to WPC Company, Inc. for Office Renovations at George Unseld Early Childhood Learning Center for a total construction cost of $242,268. XII.J.
                                Notification of Utility Easement at the New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson MS) Rationale The Louisville Gas & Electric easement for the New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson MS) is to provide new underground electrical service for the new school building project. The granting of the above easements will not affect the integrity or usefulness of the property crucial to the educational needs of the District. These items directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Notification of Easement - New MS West Louisville (Hudson MS) - LG&E Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive notice of a Utility Easement at the New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson MS). XII.K.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 1-20-26 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. XII.L.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. In addition, there are no tie bids. Submitted by:  Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Competitive Negotiations, Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewals, and Amendments_01.20.26 Amendment on Furniture, Classroom & Office (Percentage) Amendment on Plumbing Supplies & Equipment (Line Item) C/N for 2 Foodservice Counters for WEB DuBois School Cafeteria C/N for Walk In Cooler/Freezer Units and Installation for Various School Cafeterias Concrete Repair Service Drainage and Related Earthwork Services Employment Agencies (For Districtwide Substitute Personnel) Paper (Materials Production) Powered Industrial Truck/Forklift, Lifts, & Other Off-Highway Vehicles & Equipment Inspection, Maintenance, & Training Repair of Two Way Radios & Associated Systems for On-Site Communications Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached competitive negotiations, bid tabulations, contract renewals, and amendments. XII.M.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 01.20.26 01 - StageOne Family Theatre, Inc. (FY25-26) 02 - Teach Upbeat, Inc.  (FY26-27) 03 - Rutherford Learning Concepts (FY25-26) 04 - Paul Emerich France Tutoring  and Consulting, LLC. (FY25-26 & FY26-27) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. XII.N.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025, and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $20,000. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 01.20.2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. XII.O.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer XII.O.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 11.17.25 - 12.21.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of November 17, 2025, through December 21, 2025. XII.O.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 11.17.25 - 12.21.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 11.17.25 - 12.21.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of November 17, 2025, through December 21, 2025. XII.O.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 11.17.25 - 12.21.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of November 17, 2025, through December 21, 2025. XII.P.
                                Acceptance of Monthly Financial Reports for Periods Ended October 31, 2025, and November 30, 2025 Rationale This report is provided to the Board per KRS 160.560 and Board Policy 04.31 Fiscal Accounting and Reporting . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Board Financials_10.25.pdf Board Financials_11.25.pdf November 2025 Notes of Interest.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Monthly Financial Reports for the periods ended October 31, 2025, and November 30, 2025. XII.Q.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding XII.Q.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision-Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards of less than $50,000. Submitted by: Tamara Lewis Attachment Attachments Donation and Small Grant Report January 20 2026 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $173,107.03 to be used as stated in the attachment. XII.Q.2.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation Rationale Adarsh Charitable Foundation, Inc donated $70,000 to be used by JCPS Health and Wellness for Glasses in Classes. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $70,000 from the Adarsh Charitable Foundation, Inc. to be used as stated in the rationale. XII.Q.3.
                                Acceptance of Donation from the Kentucky Department of Education for Pyramid Model Books and Materials Rationale To meet state requirements for implementing Pyramid Model practices in Kentucky, all Early Childhood Education staff completed four days of Pyramid Model training in August 2025. The training was facilitated by representatives from the Kentucky Department of Education and the Anderson County Regional Training Center. As part of this initiative, each classroom received books and materials to support Pyramid Model implementation. These resources were provided by the Kentucky Department of Education. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education accept in-kind donations valued at $71,331.30 from the Kentucky Department of Education. XII.Q.4.
                                Acceptance of a Donation of Services by Walsh Construction at Churchill Park School Rationale Walsh Construction is donating $1,920.00 in volunteer hours through the MSD Community Benefits Program to assemble and install a wheelchair swing purchased by Churchill Park Schools. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments _WalshSwingDonationLetter_0 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept a donation of $1,920.00 in volunteer hours from Walsh Construction to Churchill Park School. XII.Q.5.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Kentucky Association for Environmental Education (KAEE) Rationale The Kentucky Association for Environmental Education (KAEE) has awarded Western Middle School for the Arts $2,500 to develop and execute a student-led plan to plant 17 trees on school grounds. There is no obligation for the District beyond May 15, 2026. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments GRANT - KAEE Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $2,500 from KAEE and authorize the superintendent to sign the attached agreement. XII.Q.6.
                                Acceptance of Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Education Grant from the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale The Homeless Education grant aligns with Vision 2020 strategies 1.1.3 and 1.1.7. The grant will assist families by providing school information, helping with enrollment and the transfer of student records, providing tutoring, and offering student support services. Grant funds pay for salaries and benefits, professional and purchased services, and supplies. The period of performance is December 15, 2025, through September 30, 2026. The agreement does not obligate the District beyond the period of performance. Submitted by: Dr. John Marshall Attachment Attachments KDE FY26 Stewart B McKinney Grant Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept a grant of $396,613 from the Kentucky Department of Education to provide homeless education services and authorize the superintendent to sign the attached agreement. XII.Q.7.
                                Acceptance of Funding from Louisville Metro Public Health and Wellness Rationale Louisville Metro Public Health and Wellness has awarded Climate and Culture and Health Services a Kentucky Opioid Abatement Trust Fund award to develop a prevention infrastructure and workforce to provide in-school prevention services, in-school prevention programming and education, and after school prevention programming. There is no obligation for the District beyond August 31, 2028. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments Grant Agreement - Louisville Metro Government Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $1,600,000 from Louisville Metro Public Health and Wellness and authorize the Superintendent to sign the attached agreement. XII.R.
                                Recommendation for Approval to Submit 21st Century Community Learning Center Grants to the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale The 21 st CCLC grants fund afterschool programming to support academic achievement, enhance social-emotional learning, provide enrichment opportunities, and engage parents and families.  Schools interested in participating in the program will work with JCPS Resource Development and the Boys and Girls Clubs of Kentuckiana to develop grant proposals. If awarded, the three-year grants would begin July 1, 2026. Submitted by: Tamara Lewis Attachment Attachments RFA FY26 21st Century Community Learning Center Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the District applying and/or serving as co-applicant with the Boys and Girls Clubs of Kentuckiana to submit Nita M. Lowey 21st Century Community Learning Center (CCLC) Grants to the Kentucky Department of Education and authorize the superintendent to sign the applications. XII.S.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements XII.S.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Backside Learning Rationale This Memorandum of Agreement is being established to directly address critical learning gaps and provide necessary, intensive support to our most vulnerable students. The core of this project is the utilization of ESS State Grant Funds, which are specifically allocated to ensure academic recovery. This collaboration will enable the delivery of small-group instruction for students who are currently struggling academically, are at risk of not advancing to the next grade level, or are not on track to graduate on time. This highly targeted intervention strategy is essential to close achievement gaps and move these students toward success. All services provided will be given by JCPS teachers. Furthermore, Backside is the critical partner for this endeavor because of its specialized expertise in serving English Learner (EL) students and their families. Backside's established track record and vast support network focused on multilingual families provide the comprehensive, holistic resources required to address both the academic and familial needs of this important student population, guaranteeing that the ESS funds are invested efficiently to provide specialized, high-impact services where they are needed most. The District will fund this collaboration through ESS funds (120M). Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments MOA - Backside Learning Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Backside Learning and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.S.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Craig W. Davis & Associates Photography Rationale The attached Data Privacy Agreement (DPA) details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement and will terminate when the services contract terminates. All procedures and processes will be FERPA Compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. Approval of this DPA will allow any JCPS location to purchase the resource following JCPS Model Procurement and Purchasing guidelines. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments DPA-Craig W. Davis & Associates Photography Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Confidential Data Privacy Agreement with Craig W. Davis & Associates Photography and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XII.S.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with 360 Degree Academy Rationale The attached Data Privacy Agreement (DPA) details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement and will terminate when the services contract terminates. All procedures and processes will be FERPA Compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. 360 Degree Academy provides a comprehensive instructional program designed specifically for students with hearing loss. The program supports transition planning by delivering direct instruction in job exploration, postsecondary education counseling, workplace readiness skills (including financial literacy, job-seeking skills, soft skills, and transportation planning), and self-advocacy related to students’ rights and responsibilities. Instruction is delivered through accessible videos that include accurate transcriptions and an embedded sign-language interpreter, ensuring equitable access for Deaf, Hard of Hearing, and DeafBlind students. Submitted by: Kim Chevalier Attachment Attachments DPA 360 ACADEMY Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with 360 Degree Academy and authorize the superintendent sign same. XII.S.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Franklin Covey Co. Rationale Franklin Covey Co. is the provider of Leader in Me materials & resources for schools. Leader in Me supports student leadership, improved school culture, and student-centered, student-directed learning. This work supports Goals & Guardrails Goals 1-3, Academic Readiness Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments DPA - Franklin Covey Client Sales Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Franklin Covey and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.S.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Heartland School Solutions Rationale Heartland School Solutions will provide an integrated school and community nutrition services management information system. The purpose of this agreement is to delineate the operational guidelines for sharing data between Heartland School Solutions and JCPS and define the respective roles and responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this agreement. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached agreement. There is no cost to the District for the data sharing agreement. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 3.1.1- Improve physical infrastructure. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments DPA - My School Bucks - Heartland Payment Systems Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached data sharing agreement with Heartland School Solutions and authorize the superintendent sign same. XII.S.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Student Placement Agreement with Northwestern College Rationale In accordance with administrative regulation 16 KAR 5:040 Admission, Placement, and Supervision in Student Teaching, promulgated by the Kentucky Education Professional Standards Board (EPSB), the District has an established and ongoing agreement with Northwestern College regarding student placement. This is an amendment to that agreement to be effective for the 2025-2026 school year. Student Placement Agreements permit teacher education students to engage in supplementary instructional activities with JCPS students under the direction and supervision of the professional administrative and teaching staff of the District. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Student Placement Agreement - Northwestern College Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to the Student Placement Agreement with Northwestern College and authorize the superintendent to sign same XII.S.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Membership Renewal Agreement with Ohio Valley Educational Cooperative (OVEC) Rationale Membership in the state educational cooperative provides many benefits to JCPS including tuition reimbursement, assistance with grants, and professional development for educators. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments Membership Renewal - Ohio Valley Education Cooperative Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached 2025-2026 Consortium Membership Renewal with Ohio Valley Educational Cooperative (OVEC) and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.S.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to the Memorandum of Agreement with Spalding University for ESL Endorsement Cohort Rationale The JCPS/Spalding collaboration will provide tuition credit to K-12 certified staff with elementary certification or secondary content certification to obtain their ESL endorsement through Spalding University. Teachers commit to completing coursework, passing the PRAXIS within one semester of completing all coursework, and remaining a JCPS employee for at least three years following the completion of the endorsement. This Amendment hereby amends the Agreement to remove the termination date in Paragraph 4 and replace it with June 30, 2027. Submitted by: Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments MOA - SPALDING UNIVERSITY Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to the Memorandum of Agreement with Spalding University and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.S.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Teach Upbeat Inc. Rationale The mission of Teach Upbeat Inc. is to provide services associated with teacher engagement and retention using improvement cycles based on survey data and coaching for school years 2026-27 and 2027-28 Teach Upbeat will provide the teacher retention services as an education specialist. In accordance with the Professional Services Contract being entered into separately. Acknowledges that projects involving program evaluation, monitoring activities, or data collection or research of any kind, are subject to JCPS IRB review and approval as determined by the JCPS IRB to meet federal, State, and Board policies. In these cases, JCPS student or staff participation is voluntary. As a federally authorized Institutional Review Board (IRB), JCPS complies with the federal definition for research, which includes sharing of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) for the purpose of answering a question or evaluating activities for effectiveness beyond standard educational or operational procedures. Thus, all research, program evaluation and data collection activities must be approved by the JCPS IRB and shall not begin before approval is secured from the JCPS IRB. Submitted by:  Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments _MOA TEACH UPBEAT Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Teach Upbeat Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XII.S.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Student Placement Agreement with Western Michigan University Rationale In accordance with administrative regulation 16 KAR 5:040 Admission, Placement, and Supervision in Student Teaching, promulgated by the Kentucky Education Professional Standards Board (EPSB), the District has an established and ongoing agreement with Western Michigan University regarding student placement. This is an amendment to that agreement to be effective for the 2025-2026 school year. Student Placement Agreements permit teacher education students to engage in supplementary instructional activities with JCPS students under the direction and supervision of the professional administrative and teaching staff of the District. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments Student Placement Agreement - Western Michigan University Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Amendment to the Student Placement Agreement with Western Michigan University and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XII.S.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Fourth Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5127 Terry Road Rationale On February 25, 2025, the Board of Education approved a contract for the purchase of approximately 13.0176 acres located at 5127 Terry Road between Ambvit Realty, LLC and Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky for the purchase price of $860,000. On June 10, 2025, the Board of Education approved the Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for a 90-day extension to the due diligence period. On September 16, 2025, the Board of Education approved the Second Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for a 60-day extension to the due diligence period. On November 18, 2025, the Board of Education approved the Third Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for a 30-day extension to the due diligence period. This fourth amendment extends the closing deadline to January 22nd. Due to time restrictions, this amendment was signed before the current closing deadline expired with a notation of “pending board approval.” Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:050 the Kentucky Department of Education has given their preliminary approval to purchase this property. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Fourth Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement - 5127 Terry Road - Ambvit Realty LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Fourth Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5127 Terry Road. XII.S.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Care Solace, Inc Rationale Care Solace Inc, will assist the District by connecting students and families with increased access to mental health treatment providers using its web based navigation system. JCPS will have a branded site for authorized users including district staff, students, and parents. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments DPA - CARE SOLACE INC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Care Solace, Inc and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.S.13.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with PowerSchool Group United Home Platform Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. XII.S.14.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Public Consulting Group Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. XII.S.15.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Abound Federal Credit Union Rationale Abound Federal Credit Union will provide a financial literacy curriculum for K-12 students, professional development training for administrators and staff on financial literacy, and presentations for caregivers during family engagement nights. Abound Federal Credit Union will also distribute resources and information during school outreach and Back-to-School events. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - Abound Federal Credit Union.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Abound Federal Credit Union and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XII.T.
                                Recommendation for Appointment of Audit Risk Management Advisory Committee Member Rationale On March 13, 2018, the Board approved the establishment of the Audit and Risk Management Advisory Committee (Committee). The Committee's charter, which was approved by the Board on June 12, 2018, states that the members of the Committee shall be appointed by the Board. Members of the Committee collectively shall possess knowledge in accounting, external auditing, internal auditing, governmental fund accounting, financial reporting, operational risk management, and strategic risk management. At least half of the members shall be residents of the Jefferson County Public School District and at least one member shall be considered a financial expert as determined by the Committee. The recommended terms of the committee members shall not exceed 3 years and shall be staggered to minimize the impact to the Committee from member turnover. Committee members shall generally not be recommended for more than two consecutive terms. The Committee currently has two vacancies. Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education appoint the following individual as a member of the Audit Risk Management Advisory Committee: Ebony Sykes with a term expiring January 20, 2028. XII.U.
                                Recommendation to Adopt the District Plan for Advanced Coursework and Accelerated Learning Rationale House Bill 190, passed by the Kentucky General Assembly in 2025, amended KRS 158.6453 to require each local board of education to adopt a “district plan establishing clear policies on the promotion of advanced coursework or accelerated learning in language arts, mathematics, social studies, and science by grade level for students in grades four (4) to twelve (12).” KRS 158.6453 includes the following definitions: · "Accelerated learning" means an organized way of helping students meet individual academic goals by providing direct instruction to eliminate student performance deficiencies or enable students to move more quickly through course requirements and pursue higher level skill development. · "Advanced coursework" means educational programs or opportunities designed to challenge students with more rigorous content beyond the standard curriculum, including but not limited to advanced placement, International Baccalaureate, and honors courses. In accordance with House Bill 190, attached for Board review and approval is the District’s plan for Advanced Coursework and Accelerated Learning. Submitted by Angela Hosch Attachment Attachments JCPS Plan for Advanced Coursework & Accelerated Learning 12-2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education adopt the attached District Plan for Advanced Coursework and Accelerated Learning. XII.V.
                                Recommendation of Election of Board Member to Serve on the Local Planning Committee Rationale Pursuant to Section 101.11 of the Kentucky School Facilities Planning Manual 702 KAR 4:180, one member of the Local Board of Education shall be selected by the Local Board to serve on the Local Planning Committee (LPC).  A newly elected board may replace the local board representative selected by the preceding board of education. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education elect Board Member Gail Logan Strange to serve on the Local Planning Committee. XII.W.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Business/Community Leader Representatives for the Local Planning Committee Rationale Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:180, the local Board of Education shall select the business/community leaders to serve on the Local Planning Committee (LPC). Three representatives from the business community are required to serve on the LPC.  The LPC is the organizational unit charged with the task of developing the District Facilities Plan once every four years. • Marland Cole – Executive Director, Evolve 502 • Rebecca Fleischaker – Executive Director, Louisville Downtown Partnership • Anthony Piagentini – Metro Council District 19 Councilmember The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve Marland Cole, Rebecca Fleischaker, and Anthony Piagentini to serve as the Business/Community Leader Representatives for the Local Planning Committee. XII.X.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Appointment of the 2026-2027 Calendar Committee Members Rationale Pursuant to KRS 158.070 (2), superintendent must annually appoint members of the Calendar Committee of the local school district and recommend the names to the Board. The superintendent recommends the following: Gail Logan Strange – Local Board of Education Member Dr. Bonnie Marshall – Community Member Trent Spoolstra – Community Member Stacie Bown – School District Certified Employee Marilyn Anderson – School District Classified Employee Nuchelle Harvell – School District Classified Employee Michelle Meeks  – School District Classified Employee Batina Merideth  – School District Classified Employee Joe Rice – School District Elementary School Teacher Kristin Hagan – School District Middle or High School Teacher Cynthia Grohmann – School District Office Administrator Raj Kaur – School District Office Administrator Shannon Maxey – School District Parent Emily McKenzie – School District Parent Melanie Weaver – School District Principal Submitted by:  Cynthia Grohmann Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education appoint the individuals listed in the rationale to the 2026-2027 Calendar Committee. XII.Y.
                                Recommendation of Acceptance of Offer of Assistance from the Kentucky School Facilities Construction Commission Funding Program Rationale The Jefferson County Board of Education has accepted offers of assistance from The Kentucky School Facilities Construction Commission (SFCC) Funding Program since the 1993 school year. Funding will be allocated and utilized for proposed construction or major renovations of facilities as outline in the District’s most current approved facility plan. The funding provides continued support of the District Facility Plan. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept the Offer of Assistance from the Kentucky School Facilities Construction Commission Funding Program in the amount of $480,300 and authorize the superintendent to commit fund balances, as of June 30, 2025, from both the Building Fund ($22,090,639.28) and Capital Outlay Fund ($ 0) to further support this Offer of Assistance. XIII.
                                Board Planning Calendar Rationale Board members may review and offer suggestions for future Board meeting agendas during the Board Planning Calendar portion of regular Board meetings. A list of selected Board of Education discussion agenda items has been compiled for use by the Board and administrative staff. The list includes activities for action and discussion. It is anticipated that staff will use this list to avoid scheduling conflicts, improve coordination and support of activities, enhance planning, and increase awareness of upcoming board meeting activities. Attachment Attachments Planning Calendar Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. Actions Taken Order #2026-19 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange. XIV.
                                Committee Reports Rationale Meeting dates and times can be accessed on the JCPS Calendar of Events . Meeting materials and Minutes from previous meetings can be accessed here . XV.
                                Board Reports Rationale Each meeting shall contain an opportunity for Board members to report on noteworthy events pertaining to the work of schools and the District. XVI.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) XVII.
                                Executive Session (If Necessary) XVIII.
                                Action Item (If Necessary) XIX.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2026-20 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the January 20, 2026, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 10:10 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Ms. Tricia Lister.