KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County October 14, 2025 6:00 PM Regular Business Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Moment of Silence Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. Attachments 10 14 25 Board Q&A 10 14 25 Meeting Notice II.
                                The Pledge of Allegiance II.A.
                                Vision Statement Rationale All Jefferson County Public School students graduate prepared, empowered, and inspired to reach their full potential and contribute as thoughtful, responsible citizens of our diverse, shared world. III.
                                Recognitions and Resolutions Actions Taken Order #2025-171 - Motion Passed: A motion to receive the October 14, 2025, recognitions passed with a motion by Mr. Taylor Everett and a second by Mr. James Craig. III.A.
                                Recognition of the Office of School Choice for a Successful Start to the 2025-26 School Year Rationale The JCPS Office of School Choice plays an essential role in ensuring families have a smooth start to every school year. Their dedication and hard work between June 1 and August 11, 2025, was remarkable. During that time, this team: Answered over 10,000 calls from families, Assisted more than 2,200 families in person, Processed nearly 5,000 address verifications and 4,600 applications, Responded to more than 5,100 emails in the general School Choice email, and Resolved nearly 700 issues in the transportation verification spreadsheet to help make sure students got to school safely and on time. Thanks to their commitment, thousands of JCPS families were supported during one of the busiest times of the year. The Office of School Choice truly exemplifies service, responsiveness, and care for our students and families. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the Office of School Choice for the essential role it plays in ensuring families have a smooth start to the school year. III.B.
                                Recognition of the Noe Middle School Symphonic Band for Being Selected to Perform at National Festival Rationale The Noe Middle School Symphonic Band has been selected as one of just 12 middle school ensembles nationwide to perform at the 2026 Music for All National Festival. The prestigious event, presented by Yamaha, showcases the country’s top scholastic bands. To receive an invitation is considered a high honor in school music. The Noe Symphonic Band was recommended by a panel of distinguished evaluators who deemed them to have achieved the level of musical performance and artistry worthy of being featured and celebrated on a national stage. The Music for All National Festival is part of the nonprofit’s mission to create “positively life-changing experiences through music.” To receive an invitation to the National Festival “is to be recognized as one of the finest scholastic music ensembles in America,” according to the organization. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the Noe Middle School Symphonic Band for being selected to perform at a national festival. III.C.
                                Recognition of the District’s New Junior Athletic Director Program Rationale JCPS recently launched the Junior Athletic Director Program, a new initiative designed to empower 10th- and 11th-grade students through hands-on experiences in athletics while fostering leadership, professionalism, and academic achievement. Participants will complete certifications in First Aid, CPR, and sports safety, train in game management and athletic operations, and work alongside athletic directors in real-world roles such as game day operations and athletic administration. Through a partnership with the University of Louisville Athletics Department, students will also gain direct experience in sports management, facilities, and administration at the collegiate level. This year, six schools—Ballard, Central, Fairdale, Fern Creek, Pleasure Ridge Park, and Western—are part of the program, which provides professional development, mentorship, and a certificate of completion to recognize students’ achievements. This year, six high schools—Ballard, Central, Fairdale, Fern Creek, Pleasure Ridge Park, and Western—will participate in this exciting initiative. Junior ADs will gain valuable professional development, meet bi-weekly for training and mentorship, and upon completion, will earn a certificate recognizing their achievement. Congratulations to the inaugural group of student participants: Ballard: Carson Baker and Mallorie Young Central: Jovaana Gima and Jermaine Moody Fairdale: Kendra Redmond and Joel Loka Fern Creek: Taniya Fowler and Jenna Hayden PRP: Skyler Brown and Essence White Western: Sherrie Thomas and Marquavian Sheckles Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the district’s new Junior Athletic Director Program. III.D.
                                Recognition of the Youth Performing Arts School (YPAS) Band Program for Multiple Invitations to Showcase Talent on National Stage Rationale The Youth Performing Arts School (YPAS) at duPont Manual High School is striking a high note this year. Three of its performance groups—the Jazz Ensemble, Symphonic Band, and Percussion Ensemble—have been selected to perform at nationally recognized music conferences, earning students the opportunity to showcase their talents on some of the most prestigious stages in the country. The YPAS Jazz Ensemble will perform at the Jazz Education Network Conference on Jan. 10 in New Orleans and is one of only three high school ensembles in the nation to earn the honor. On Feb. 20, the YPAS Symphonic Band will take the stage at the National Band Association/College Band Directors National Association Southern Division Conference in Tampa, Florida. The YPAS Percussion Ensemble will perform Dec. 17 at the Midwest Clinic in Chicago, the world’s largest instrumental music education conference. Only five high school percussion groups nationwide received the invitation. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the Youth Performing Arts School (YPAS) Band Program for being selected to feature three ensembles at nationally recognized music conferences. III.E.
                                Recognition of the Valley High School Boys Soccer Program Rationale Valley High School boys soccer Head Coach James Wise and his assistant coaches Bendjy Charles and Emmanuel Martinez have demonstrated outstanding leadership and commitment to the soccer program. Through their dedication, the Vikings have experienced a remarkable transformation. In 2024, the team earned its first winning season, recording 11 victories, and this year, they celebrated a historic milestone with their first-ever district win. These accomplishments are even more impressive given the challenges the program has faced in recent years. The team endured winless seasons in 2019 and 2020, did not field a team in 2021, and managed just two wins and three ties across 2022 and 2023 combined. Today, however, the program stands as a symbol of resilience and renewal. Coach Wise has expressed optimism for the future, noting the growing enthusiasm and participation among students. Thanks to this coaching staff’s vision, perseverance, and mentorship, the Valley High School boys’ soccer program is building a lasting foundation for success. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize the Valley High School boys soccer program for its resilience and latest milestones. III.F.
                                Recognition of Two JCPS Educators Selected to Participate in the Fulbright Teachers for Global Classrooms Program Rationale Two outstanding JCPS educators have been selected to participate in the prestigious Fulbright Teachers for Global Classrooms Program. Congratulations to Brandon Lewis of Pleasure Ridge Park High School and Angela Williams of Seneca High School on this exciting achievement. This yearlong professional learning and exchange opportunity is designed to help educators bring a global perspective into their classrooms and prepare students for success in a competitive world economy. Participants engage in a rigorous online course on global education, attend professional development in Washington, D.C., and spend two to three weeks abroad immersing themselves in another country’s culture and education system. In addition, they develop a Global Education Guide—a resource to share their skills, experiences, and knowledge with colleagues, students, and the community. Through this work, our JCPS teachers will not only strengthen their own instructional practices but also expand opportunities for students across our district to think critically, engage globally, and build the skills needed for success in the 21st century. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Brandon Lewis and Angela Williams for being selected to participate in the Fulbright Teachers for Global Classrooms Program. III.G.
                                Recognition of Two JCPS Educators Selected to Serve as 2025-26 Kentucky Innovative Teacher Fellows Rationale Two educators from Jefferson County Public Schools have been named 2025-26 Kentucky Innovative Teacher Fellows by the Kentucky Department of Education. Kennita Ballard of Dr. Grace M. James Academy of Excellence and Robyn Ballinger of Chenoweth Elementary School are among just 10 teachers statewide selected for the prestigious program. The fellowship recognizes educators who are reimagining classroom learning and promoting innovation across Kentucky schools. Ballard and Ballinger will join a cohort of educators working to design and implement new learning experiences that reflect the goals of the department’s United We Learn vision. That vision focuses on vibrant learning, innovation, and collaboration with local communities. Through the fellowship, the educators will receive professional learning, teacher leadership opportunities and support to launch innovative classroom projects designed to elevate student engagement and achievement. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Kennita Ballard and Robyn Ballinger for being named 2025-26 Kentucky Innovative Teacher Fellows. III.H.
                                Recognition of JCPS’s First-Ever Plant Operator of the Year Alicia Miller Rationale Alicia Miller, plant operator at Schaffner Traditional Elementary School, was recently named the inaugural JCPS Plant Operator of the Year. Behind every JCPS school are dedicated individuals who ensure that classrooms are clean, buildings operate smoothly, and students can learn in a safe environment. Ms. Miller exemplifies this dedication every single day. Her attendance is perfect, her dependability is unmatched, and she consistently leads with professionalism and respect. Teachers praise the spotless classrooms, and visitors regularly comment on the exceptional cleanliness and welcoming environment of Schaffner. Principal Zachary Eckels shared that Ms. Miller’s efforts are so extraordinary that one visitor even asked if there was a “secret crew” that cleaned the building overnight. The answer, of course, was simply Alicia. Director of Facility Management Dr. Anthony Johnson added that Ms. Miller’s impact extends far beyond her duties. Through her leadership, work ethic, and teamwork, she creates a safe, welcoming space for students, staff, and families, setting the standard for excellence across the district. In celebration of this well-deserved recognition, a banner with her name will proudly hang at Schaffner Traditional Elementary School for years to come. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize Alicia Miller for being named the first-ever JCPS Plant Operator of the Year. III.I.
                                Recognition of Six JCPS High Schools Ranked Among the Top 25 High Schools in Kentucky Rationale Six Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) high schools have been ranked among the top 25 high schools in Kentucky, according to the latest report from U.S. News & World Report. Leading the way, duPont Manual High School earned the No. 1 ranking in Kentucky, a testament to its exceptional academic programs, dedicated staff, and high-achieving students. In addition to duPont Manual, five other JCPS high schools earned spots in the top 25: J. Graham Brown School – No. 3 Louisville Male High School – No. 9 Ballard High School – No. 12 Atherton High School – No. 13 Eastern High School – No. 24 JCPS continues to focus on academic excellence, equity and opportunity across all its schools, preparing students for success in college, career, and life. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize six JCPS high schools ranked among the top 25 high schools in Kentucky, according to the latest report from U.S. News & World Report. III.J.
                                Recognition of Individuals Going Above and Beyond to Honor Hispanic Heritage Month in JCPS Rationale JCPS staff members across the district are finding fun and meaningful ways to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, recognized from Sept. 15 to Oct. 15 each year. Thank you to the following individuals who have gone above and beyond in designing educational activities, cultural celebrations, and community collaboration that drive awareness and support of Hispanic heritage: Gwen Snow, Newcomer Academy Principal Paula Rojas Aguilera, ELD Teacher at Newcomer Academy Elvira Paguada-Gutierrez, Hawthorne Family Resource Center Coordinator Patricia (PJ) Concepcion, Teaching and Learning Pathway Teacher at Fairdale High School Aylin Muñoz & Ramon Mora, Fairdale High School Students who wrote book “El primer Dia De Clases De Ximena” Together, these honorees exemplify the spirit of Hispanic Heritage Month—uplifting culture, fostering inclusion, and inspiring others through education, creativity, and service. Submitted by: Carolyn Callahan Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education recognize individuals who have gone above and beyond to honor Hispanic Heritage Month in JCPS. IV.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 10 14 25 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2025-172 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda for October 14, 2025. The recommendation passed with a motion by Ms. Gail Logan Strange and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 9 16 25 Minutes.pdf 9 30 25 Minutes Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2025-173 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Minutes of the September 16 and 30 meetings. The recommendation passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VI.
                                Superintendent's Report Rationale In addition to the Superintendent’s regular report, there is an attachment with administrative procedures for review in order to support the District's focus on organizational coherence. Attachments Yearwood PGP Presentation Administrive Procedures - v2 VII.
                                Student Outcomes-Focused Governance Update VII.A.
                                Recommendation to Receive Monitoring Report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 3: Protect Inclusive Decision Making Rationale The Board will receive a report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 3: Project Inclusive Decision Making. This monitoring session is a conversation between the board and superintendent that provides boards the opportunity to evaluate the alignment between the community’s values (guardrails) and current performance (reality). Monitoring is about understanding the extent to which reality matches the Board’s adopted goals and guardrails.  Monitoring is not about offering advice or recommendations; most monitoring is about understanding where we are and how we got here and to see what’s working/not working, and the expectation that this information impacts what happens next. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Guardrail 3 Presentation 101425 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 3: Protect Inclusive Decision Making. Actions Taken Order #2025-174 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on Interim Metrics for Guardrail 3: Protect Inclusive Decision Making. The recommendation passed with a motion by Ms. Tricia Lister and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VIII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . IX.
                                Action Items X.
                                Information Items X.A.
                                Report on the Proposed Regular Board Meeting Schedule for 2026 Rationale KRS 160. 270 requires a local board of education to hold “at least one (1) regular meeting each month, at a time and place fixed by the Board.” The proposed plan for the schedule of meetings provides tentative dates to avoid calendar conflicts including major religious and national holidays, school calendar conflicts, election days, state and national education conferences, and statutory deadlines for Board action. The proposed schedule continues to have two types of Regular Meetings – Business Meetings and Work Session Meetings. Regular Board Meetings are open to the public and will begin at 6:00 p.m. and be held in the Stewart Auditorium at the VanHoose Education Center, 3332 Newburg Road, Louisville, KY 40218. This proposed schedule has 15 meeting dates: 11 Board Business Meetings (includes Information Items, Action Items, and a Consent Calendar) 4 Board Work Session Meetings (includes Work Sessions and a Consent Calendar) The 2026 Board Meeting Schedule will be on the Consent Calendar at the November 4, 2025, Board meeting for approval. Submitted by Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachments Attachments Draft 2026 Board Meeting Schedule Presentation - 2026 JCBE Meeting Schedule v2 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive a report on the Regular Board Meeting Schedule for 2026. XI.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2025-175 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Consent Calendar minus XI.C.3 Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Diversity, Equity, and Poverty passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. Order #2025-176 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve consent item XI.C.3 Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Diversity, Equity, and Poverty passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. XI.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2025-10-14.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. XI.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2025-10-14.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. XI.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions Rationale XI.C.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Academics Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ACADEMICS 2025-10-14.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XI.C.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Chief of Staff Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CHIEF OF STAFF 2025-10-14.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XI.C.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Diversity, Equity, and Poverty Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments DEP 2025-10-14.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XI.C.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Operations Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments OPERATIONS 2025-10-14.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). XI.D.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trip Requests and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on October 14, 2025. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments Field Trip Requests Approved by the Superintendent 10-14-2025 Field Trips 10-14-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. XI.E.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for New Middle School – West Louisville (Hudson MS) Bid Package II – New Building Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. XI.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completions and BG-4 Forms Rationale XI.F.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Lighting Upgrade at Middletown Elementary School Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved BCCLT, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-029. On April 08, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to A Total Solution, LLC as the low bidder. BCCLT, Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Middletown ES - Lighting Upgrade Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to A Total Solution, LLC for Lighting Upgrade at Middletown Elementary School for a total construction cost of $321,308. XI.F.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Career and Technical Education Storage Canopy at Pleasure Ridge Park High School Rationale On October 15, 2024, the Board of Education approved Structural Services, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-038. On April 08, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Derek Engineering, Inc. as the low bidder. Structural Services, Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 PRP HS - CTE Storage Canopy Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Derek Engineering, Inc. for Career and Technical Education Storage Canopy at Pleasure Ridge Park High School for a total construction cost of $88,130. XI.F.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Phase I HVAC Renovation at Hazelwood Elementary School Rationale On July 27, 2021, the Board of Education approved JRA Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 22-002. On February 15, 2022, the Board approved awarding a contract to EH Construction, LLC as the low bidder. JRA Architects has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Hazelwood ES - Phase I HVAC Renovation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to EH Construction, LLC for Phase I HVAC Renovation at Hazelwood Elementary School for a total construction cost of $17,453,725.25. XI.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 10-14-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. XI.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid Tabulations and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items. The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. In addition, there are no tie bids. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments *Bid Tabulations and Amendment_10 14 25 Amendment on Instructional and Office Supplies (Line Item) Asbestos Air Monitoring, Lab Analysis and Lead Testing Paint & Related Items Plumbing Supplies & Equipment (Line) T-Shirts (Mayors Cup) Tile & Related Items (Including Installation & Removal) Tunics (SCNS) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached bid tabulations and amendment. XI.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $20,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $20,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 10.14.25 01 - Tachau Meek PLC - Amendment (FY25-26).pdf 02 - Girls on the Run Louisville Inc. (FY25-26) 03 - The Boys and Girls Clubs, Inc. dba Boys & Girls Clubs of Kentuckiana - Amendment (FY25-26).pdf 04 - Ohio Valley Education Cooperative (FY25-26).pdf 05 - National Center for Families Learning (FY25-26).pdf 06 - Ally Miller (FY25-26).pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $20,000 or more. XI.J.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025 and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 10.14.2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. XI.K.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer XI.K.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 08.25.25 - 09.21.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of August 25, 2025, through September 21, 2025. XI.K.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 08.25.25 - 09.21.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 08.25.25 - 09.21.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of August 25, 2025, through September 21, 2025. XI.K.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 08.25.25 - 09.21.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of August 25, 2025, through September 21, 2025. XI.L.
                                Acceptance of Monthly Financial Report for Periods Ended July 31, 2025, and August 31, 2025 Rationale This report is provided to the Board per KRS 160.560 and Board Policy 04.31 Fiscal Accounting and Reporting . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Board Financials - August 2025 Board Financials - July 2025 Notes of Interest - August 2025 Notes of Interest - July 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached Monthly Financial Report for periods ended July 31, 2025, and August 31, 2025. XI.M.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding XI.M.1.
                                Acceptance of Subaward Grant from Catholic Charities of Louisville - Refugee School Impact Rationale Jefferson County Adult Education is providing parents and community members with the opportunity to gain English speaking skills needed to become employable members of the community. The Kentucky Office for Refugees, part of Catholic Charities, has awarded Adult Education a grant of $597,640.17 for these services. The purpose of this agreement is to outline the District's responsibilities as it participates in the federally funded program for the provision of services described in the service plan. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Subaward Grant- Catholic Charities of Louisville Kentucky  Office of Refugees Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding in the amount of $597,640.17, approve the attached Subaward Grant, and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.M.2.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale This is a report of donations and small grants submitted to the Board of Education on October 14, 2025. Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments Donations and Small Grants Report October 14 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $168,278.67 to be used as stated in the attachment. XI.M.3.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation Rationale Baird donated $1,000 to Semple Elementary to use for supplies, professional development, field trips, or other necessary expenses. National Center for Families and Learning (NCFL) donated $2,600 to Student Special Services Department to be used for parent engagement and training. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $3,600 from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation to be used as stated in the rationale. XI.N.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements XI.N.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Lease Agreement with Hilton Garden Inn Louisville Airport Rationale The Jefferson County Leadership Academy (JCLA), in partnership with the Wallace Equity-Centered Principal Pipeline Initiative (ECPI), has made significant progress in strengthening JCPS’s equity-focused leadership pipeline. The upcoming stakeholder brunch will: Celebrate key achievements, share outcome data, and recognize the contributions of school leaders, district staff, higher education partners, and community organizations. Engage stakeholders in sustaining and expanding this work beyond the grant period, reinforcing JCPS’s long-term commitment to leadership development. Inform attendees on implementation progress, future goals, and opportunities for continued collaboration. This event will honor our collective impact while fostering transparency, shared ownership, and momentum for the next phase of equity-centered leadership in JCPS. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - Hilton Garden Louisville Airport Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Lease Agreement with Hilton Garden Inn Louisville Airport and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with InquirED, LLC Rationale InquirED will provide professional learning and curriculum materials to support a pilot of their HQIR for social studies classrooms in selected JCPS elementary schools. The pilot will include data collection and evaluation to determine the effectiveness of this curriculum product. This work supports Vision 2020 strategy 1.1.3 Provide Equitable Access. Submitted by: Dr. Terra Greenwell Attachment Attachments DPA - InquirED Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with InquirED, LLC and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement Modification with the Kentucky Department of Education for Adult Education Rationale JCPS has been awarded an increase of $145,086 from the Kentucky Department of Education (KDE) to support the Adult and Continuing Education Programs. These funds will continue to provide adult learners with literacy, adult basic education, GED preparation, Family Education, English as a Second Language, transitions to postsecondary education, Corrections, and Workforce Services. This modification is being submitted to change the language on page 23. (Memorandum of Agreement Standard Terms and Conditions Revised August 2025), 1.00 Effective Date, Paragraph 3. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Contract - KDE Adult ED - Revising Pages 23 Paragraph 3 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement Modification with the Kentucky Department of Education for Adult Education and authorize the superintendent sign the same. XI.N.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Real Estate Donation Agreement Between the Jefferson County Public Schools and the KFC Corporation Rationale The KFC Corporation desires to donate and convey the property having street addresses of 1441 Gardiner Lane; 1900 Gardiner Lane; 1950 Colonel Sanders Lane; and 1870 Allgeier Court as a charitable gift/donation to the Board, operating as Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS). JCPS desires to accept the conveyance and transfer of the property. JCPS, as a political subdivision of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, is authorized under Kentucky law to accept the gift/donation to further its public purposes. Among other provisions, this agreement stipulates that this gift/donation is being made “AS IS”; establishes the terms and conditions under which the transfer of the title to the property shall be executed; sets forth the representations, warranties, and covenants of each party; delineates the obligations of each party, including costs and expenses; sets forth the process for the full transfer of property and related matters (e.g. utilities, fixtures, furniture, and other personal property); and establishes the circumstances under which the transfer may be terminated. This agreement permits KFC to lease back the property from JCPS for a period of between six (6) months to one (1) year if KFC has not yet entered into a new lease for its operations in Louisville, Kentucky and establishes the parameters for such a lease back agreement. Submitted by: Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments Real Estate Donation Agreement KFC Corporation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board approve the attached Real Estate Donation Agreement between the Jefferson County Public Schools and the KFC Corporation and authorize the superintendent sign same. XI.N.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amended Contract with the Kentucky Department of Education Office of Adult Education Rationale The JCPS Adult and Continuing Education program utilizes these funds to continue providing essential services for adult learners, including literacy, Adult Basic Education, GED preparation, Family Education, English as a Second Language, transitions to postsecondary education, and workforce services. This modification increases funding to supplement current allocation amounts, which will improve the delivery of adult education services. There are no changes to the services currently being provided under this contract. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Contract - KDE Adult ED - Revising Pages 23 Paragraph 3 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached amended Agreement with the Kentucky Department of Education, accept an increase in funding in the amount of $145,086.00, and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Metro United Way for Out-of-School Time Programs Rationale Metro United Way (MUW) is focused on co-creating equitable outcomes for all youth through its youth success initiative.  MUW supports out-of-school time (OST) programs across the city who provide access to learning and enrichment opportunities to school age youth. The attached agreement for data sharing between Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) and MUW will allow OST providers access to data for those students receiving services. There is no cost to JCPS. This agreement supports Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1.7 – Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments MOA- Metro United Way Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Metro United Way, regarding data sharing for out-of-school time programs and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.7.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of License Agreement with Okolona Baseball, Inc. Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. XI.N.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with the University of Louisville College of Education and Human Development Rationale Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) is entering into a Memorandum of Agreement regarding data sharing with the University of Louisville College of Education and Human Development (UofL CEHD) to provide deidentified state assessment data for students of UofL CEHD educators and non-UofL CEHD educators. The data will provide UofL CEHD information to make data informed decisions and will additionally support UofL CEHD accreditation processes. UofL CEHD is focused on improving JCPS student academic outcomes by graduating educators that are making a positive impact. There is no cost to JCPS. This research supports Vision 2020 Strategy 1.1. 7 Eliminate achievement, learning, and opportunity gaps. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachment Attachments MOA - UofL CEHD Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement regarding data sharing with the University of Louisville College of Education and Human Development and authorize the superintendent sign same. XI.N.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Water Main Extension Refunding Agreement with the Louisville Water Company for New School Building at Seneca High School Rationale The Louisville Water Company (LWC) Water Main Extension Refunding Agreement allows Jefferson County Public Schools to construct and install new water main facilities to extend water distribution for the New School Building at Seneca High School and provides that LWC incorporate these facilities into the water service distribution system once the project is complete. These items directly supports Vision 2020 Goal Infrastructure Improvements. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Water Main Extension Refunding Agreement - Seneca HS - LWC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached water main extension refunding agreement with the Louisville Water Company for the New School Building at Seneca High School and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.N.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Permanent Agreement for School and Community Nutrition Participation with the Kentucky Department of Education Rationale The Kentucky Department of Education (KDE) requires that the attached form be completed and signed in order for JCPS to continue participation in USDA Child Nutrition Programs. This is a permanent agreement between KDE and JCPS School and Community Nutrition Services. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments KDE USDA Permanent Agreement for SCN Agreement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Permanent Agreement for School and Community Nutrition Participation with the Department of Education and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. XI.N.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson Community & Technical College Rationale This agreement with Jefferson Community and Technical College (JCTC) Southwest grants JCPS access to their spacious campus for all Southwest Cluster Cross Country Meets and Practices. JCTC has a campus that is large enough for the Southwest Cluster to host their cross-country meets and practices. None of the schools have a campus that can accommodate all the students and parents that participate. JCTC has waived the fee for use of the grounds. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - Jefferson Community & Technical College Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Jefferson Community and Technical College (JCTC) Southwest and authorize the superintendent to sign same. XI.O.
                                Acceptance of the Internal Audit Summary Annual Engagement Follow-Up Report Rationale As outlined in the JCPS Internal Audit Charter and the professional standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors, internal audit reports provide critical insight into the governance, risk management, and internal control processes of the organization. The Annual Engagement Follow-up Report details the status of corrective actions related to engagements previously performed by the JCPS Internal Audit department. Acceptance of this report affirms the Board’s commitment to transparency and continuous improvement through the Internal Audit function. Submitted by: May Porter Attachments Annual Engagement Follow-up Report - Final 9.17.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept the attached Annual Engagement Follow-up Report. XI.P.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Renaming of J. Graham School Gym to The Wade Houston Gymnasium Rationale Wade Houston was a Louisville trailblazer who broke multiple racial barriers in high school and collegiate coaching. His life offers a powerful example of resilience, leadership, and community impact, qualities that align with the school self- directed learning: Independence, Empathy, Innovation, and Advocacy. The renaming of the gymnasium will honor the disposition our students strives to nurture and recognize that Brown School is committed to celebrating leaders whose lives illuminate the power of education, perseverance, and justice. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Letters of Recommendations Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommend the Board of Education approve the renaming of J. Graham School Gym to The Wade Houston Gymnasium. XI.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Resolutions Concerning the Jefferson County School District General Obligation Refunding Bonds Rationale The approval of the attached Bond Resolution approves, ratifies and confirms the actions taken and to be taken by the Jefferson County School District in order to effect the issuance of the Jefferson County School District’s General Obligation Refunding Bonds, Series 2025B (the “ Series 2025B Bonds ”), which will currently refund the outstanding Jefferson County School District Finance Corporation’s School Building Revenue Bonds, Series 2015A Bonds (the “ Series 2015A Bonds ”). The average interest rate on the outstanding Series 2015A Bonds is approximately 4.48%, whereas the Series 2025B Bonds are projected to have an interest rate of approximately 3.04%.  Estimated net present value interest savings from this refunding are projected to be approximately $70,000 per year, or $600,000 in total. Submitted by:  Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments JCBE GO 25B Bond Resolution.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends that the Board of Education approve the attached resolutions (the “Bond Resolution”). XI.R.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Proposed Elementary Satellite and Echo Trail Boundary Adjustments Rationale This agenda item was withdrawn prior to consideration by the Board. XI.S.
                                Adoption of Attached Board Policies Rationale Each year the District submits assurances to the Kentucky Department of Education that the District complies with all applicable federal civil rights laws, which are the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Equal Educational Opportunities Act of 1974; Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972; the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1990; Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; and the Age Discrimination Act of 1975. The amendments to these policies provide clarifying language to stipulate that the District shall comply with these civil rights laws in all of its policies and actions. It does not require the District to make operational changes since the District already complies with these laws. The policies to be amended are: 01.1             Legal Status of the Board 09.131         District Racial Equity Policy 03.113         Equal Employment Opportunity (Certified) 03.212         Equal Employment Opportunity (Classified) 09.13           Equal Educational Opportunity (Students) 04.32           Model Procurement Code Purchasing 03.1312       Promotion (Certified) 03.2312       Promotion (Classified) First reading is being waived to ensure that all interested parties have clarity that the District recognizes the importance of nondiscrimination in all facets of its work, and is committed to complying to federal civil rights law at all times. Submitted by Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments NonDiscrimination Policies v2 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education waive first reading and adopt the attached board policies. XI.T.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Amendment to the Elementary School Funding Allocation Model in the School Allocation Standards Rationale In recent months, the District has been in communication with the U.S. Department of Education Office of Civil Rights regarding the District’s compliance with the provisions of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits discrimination based on race, color, or national origin. As a result of those discussions, the District’s General Counsel, with the concurrence of outside legal counsel, recommends a change to the District funding allocation model for elementary schools within the District Allocation Standards to remove the percentage of students of color in schools as a factor in determining each school’s allocation of funds to improve educational equity and close achievement gaps. The current District funding allocation model for elementary schools includes a component to differentiate funding based on the needs of each school’s student body. The need-based portion includes an allocation determined by the JCPS needs index, as well as an allocation based on the percentage of students of color in each school, as shown below. Every school receives an allocation based on the demographics of the school. Definitions Students of Color : Students who self-identify other than White/Caucasian. FRL (Free or Reduced Lunch) : Students who qualify for educational benefits for either free or reduced lunch. Mobility : Students who move JCPS residence after the start-of-year headcount. Due to the fluid nature of this mobility index, the JCPS Needs Index is calculated using the prior three-year average. ECE : Students who meet any ECE disability category. ML : Students who qualify for ESL services. Current Equity Funding Allocation - Needs Index & % of Students of Color JCPS Needs Index = 0.5 (%FRL) + 0.3 (%Mobility) + 0.15 (%ECE) + 0.05 (%ML) Elementary schools receive an allocation of discretionary funds equal to the sum of $1,000 times the JCPS Needs Index and $1,000 times the percentage of students of color . For example, a school with a JCPS Needs Index of 50 and 80% students of color would receive $130,000 in discretionary funds for the purpose of improving educational equity and closing the achievement gap seen for each of these sets of students. School leadership identifies the best use of these funds for addressing disproportionate student outcomes. AIS and Choice Zone Schools will receive an enhanced allocation of equity equal to the sum of $1,500 times the JCPS Needs Index and $1,500 times the percentage of students of color . An AIS or Choice Zone school with a JCPS Needs Index of 50 and 80% students of color would receive $195,000 in equity. Additionally, AIS and Choice Zone Schools will receive equity fund allocations of an Intervention Teacher and an In-School Security Monitor. School leadership identifies the best use of these funds for addressing disproportionate student outcomes. Revised Equity Funding Allocation - Needs Index & Multiplier The revised elementary school funding allocation model will be used to determine funding allocations for Fiscal Year 2026-27 school year. The revised allocation model: Removes the percentage of students of color in a school as a component of the funding allocation model; and Incorporates funding multipliers that will be set based on availability of funds as determined through the 2026-27 budget development process. Each January, the Board approves School Allocation Standards for the next school year. The specific multipliers will be approved by the Board in January 2026 as part of the annually approved 2026-27 School Allocation Standards. The revised language for 2026-27 is as follows: JCPS Needs Index The JCPS Needs Index has been well established for over a decade and has consistently demonstrated a strong correlation with our students of color and the academic achievement needs of children and schools: JCPS Needs Index = 0.5 (%FRL) + 0.3 (%Mobility) + 0.15 (%ECE) + 0.05 (%ML) The JCPS Needs Index is not a reflection of the importance of each demographic, nor does it describe the magnitude of services to be prescribed. This index is simply one of many lenses used by JCPS to provide a view for understanding and supporting our schools. Definitions Free or Reduced Lunch : Students who qualify for educational benefits for either free or reduced lunch. Mobility : Students who move JCPS residence after the start-of-year headcount. Due to the fluid nature of this mobility index, the JCPS Needs Index is calculated using the prior three-year average. ECE : Students who meet any ECE disability category. ML : Students who qualify for ESL services. Elementary Needs Index Funds Elementary schools will receive an allocation of discretionary funds equal to the sum of $1,000 times the JCPS Needs Index times a Multiplier of X.X. School leadership will identify the best use of these funds for addressing disproportionate student outcomes. Enhanced Support Zone and Choice Zone Schools will receive an enhanced allocation equal to the sum of $1,500 times the JCPS Needs Index and $1,500 times a Multiplier of X.X. School leadership will identify the best use of these funds for addressing disproportionate student outcomes. Note: Multiplier will be based on 2026-27 allocated funding. Full document will be submitted for approval in January 2026 for 2026-27 school year. The District is strongly supportive of ensuring educational equity for all students and working to close achievement gaps between different sets of students, as well as full compliance with all federal civil right laws. This recommended change aligns with those goals and obligations. Submitted by Edward D. Muns Attachment: Changes to JCPS Allocation Standards FY26 JCBE Approved 01-28-25 Attachments Changes to JCPS Allocation Standards FY27.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board approve the attached School Allocation Standards amending the elementary school funding allocation model. XI.U.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Updated 2025-26 Salary Schedules Rationale The attached documents are recommended for approval to establish the District's salary schedules for the 2025-26 school year. A Summary of Changes to the 2025-26 Salary Schedules includes updates to the following: Junior Athletic Director student stipend of $1,000 added. This innovative program was paid for using existing budget from Diversity Equity & Poverty budgets. Grounds employees stipend added for commercial driver’s licenses and shift differential for working during inclement weather events with at least a half inch of ice or three inches of snow as declared by the Chief Operating Officer using a nationally recognized weather service. These budgets permit the District to avoid significantly higher contract snow removal costs this winter. Mechanic stipend added to job class code 8600 in accordance with other mechanics. A standard was created for setting freshmen sports coach pay to permit continued expansion of sports. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments FY25-26 Salary Schedules 10.14.25.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached updated 2025-26 Salary Schedules. XI.V.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Scope and Objective for the Board-Requested Assessment on the Root Causes of the Budget Shortfall Rationale In response to Board direction, an objective and scope was developed for an independent assessment to identify the systemic and operational factors that contributed to the district’s current budget shortfall. The assessment will focus on fiscal administration practices, governance processes, and structural drivers that have affected JCPS’s financial sustainability. The engagement will be performed by an external firm to ensure objectivity and independence, with Internal Audit serving as the coordinating office. The assessment will not function as a financial statement audit but as a diagnostic review designed to analyze the root causes of the shortfall and provide actionable recommendations for long-term fiscal stability. Submitted by: May Porter Attachment Attachments Board-Requested Assessment Scope  Objective – Root Cause of Budget Shortfall.pdf Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached scope and objective for the Board-Requested Assessment concerning the root causes of the JCPS budget shortfall. XII.
                                Board Planning Calendar Rationale Board members may review and offer suggestions for future Board meeting agendas during the Board Planning Calendar portion of regular Board meetings. A list of selected Board of Education discussion agenda items has been compiled for use by the Board and administrative staff. The list includes activities for action and discussion. It is anticipated that staff will use this list to avoid scheduling conflicts, improve coordination and support of activities, enhance planning, and increase awareness of upcoming board meeting activities. Attachment Attachments Planning Calendar Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. Actions Taken Order #2025-177 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached planning calendar outlining discussion agenda items. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mr. James Craig. XIII.
                                Committee Reports Rationale Meeting dates and times can be accessed on the JCPS Calendar of Events . Meeting materials and Minutes from previous meetings can be accessed here . XIV.
                                Board Reports Rationale Each meeting shall contain an opportunity for Board members to report on noteworthy events pertaining to the work of schools and the District. XV.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) XVI.
                                Executive Session (If Necessary) XVII.
                                Action Item (If Necessary) XVIII.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2025-178 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 7:16 p.m. passed with a motion by Mrs. Linda Duncan and a second by Mr. James Craig.