KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County September 16, 2025 6:00 PM Regular Work Session Secure Return I.
                                Call to Order Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. Attachments 9 16 25 Meeting Notice Board Q&A II.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Meeting Agenda Rationale The Superintendent shall consult with the Board Chairperson to ensure that an agenda is prepared for all regular and special meetings of the Board. For special meetings, the Board shall consider only those matters which are listed on the agenda. Attachments 9 16 25 Agenda Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. Actions Taken Order #2025-158 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the agenda. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. III.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Minutes of Previous Meeting Rationale The minutes of action taken at every meeting of the Board, setting forth an accurate record of votes and actions at such meetings, shall be promptly recorded, and submitted for approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting, and such records shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times after they have been approved by the Board. The minutes of the previous meeting(s) are presented for your review and approval. Attachment Attachments 9 2 25 Minutes Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the minutes of the previous meeting(s). Actions Taken Order #2025-159 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the September 2, 2025, meeting minutes. The recommendation  passed with a motion by Ms. Gail Logan Strange and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. IV.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board on Action Items or Consent Calendar Items to be Voted Upon Separately at Board Member Request Rationale Speakers before the entire board are not allowed to use props, displays, or any other objects during the presentations. However, informational handouts may be given to the assistant secretary to the board for distribution prior to or following the meeting. Each speaker is allowed three minutes to address the board and may not share these minutes with any other speaker. At the end of 2-1/2 minutes, a bell will sound once. You will then have 30 seconds to finish your statement. At the end of three minutes, the bell will sound twice, indicating that your time is up. The superintendent will look into the speakers’ issues and, if necessary, represent the board in following up or recommend action to the board. The full Board Policy concerning public participation in open meetings is available for viewing on our Online Policy Manual . V.
                                Action Item Rationale V.A.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Working Budget for Fiscal Year 2025-26 Rationale Once approved by the Jefferson County Board of Education, the Working Budget will be submitted to the Kentucky Board of Education for approval as required by KRS 160.470. This item supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments FY26 Working Budget Presentation     9 16 FY26 JCPS Working Budget Binder Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Working Budget for Fiscal Year 2025-26. Actions Taken Order #2025-160 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Working Budget for Fiscal Year 2025-26.The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. VI.
                                Consent Calendar Rationale Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Consent Calendar. Actions Taken Order #2025-161 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve the Consent Calendar minus VI.H Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $40,000 or More passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. Order #2025-162 - Motion Passed: A motion to approve consent item VI.H Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $40,000 or More passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett. VI.A.
                                Report of Certified Leaves Rationale Pursuant to Kentucky Revised Statutes, leaves of absence must be recommended by the superintendent and approved by the Board of Education. The following personnel actions are in compliance with federal and state laws and Board policy regarding equal employment opportunities. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CERTIFIED LEAVES 2025-09-16 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the requests for leaves of absence included in the attachment. VI.B.
                                Report of Personnel Actions Rationale Pursuant to KRS 160.380, it is the responsibility of staff to report to the Board of Education routine personnel actions that affect certified and classified employment. These actions have been executed in compliance with all Board of Education policies and state and federal laws. All positions are Board of Education approved positions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments PERSONNEL ACTIONS 2025-09-16 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of personnel actions that he has taken per KRS 160.380. VI.C.
                                Recommendation of Approval of Field Trips Request and Receipt of Report of Field Trips Approved by the Superintendent Rationale This is a report of field trip requests submitted to the Board of Education on September 16, 2025. Administrative Regulation 702 KAR 5:060 requires that the use of common-carrier field trips be approved and cited in Board of Education minutes. Also included is a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent per Board Policy 09.36 Field Trips. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachments Attachments FIELD TRIPS 09-24-24  2 FIELD TRIPS 09-24-24 1 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached report of field trip requests and receive a report of other field trips approved by the superintendent. VI.D.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Projects, Assignment of Architects/Engineers, and BG-1 Forms Rationale VI.D.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architects/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Partial Soffit and Gutter Replacement at 3901 Atkinson Square Rationale This project will consist of replacing soffits and gutters in the courtyard and exterior to address water infiltration issues. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 3901 Atkinson Square Drive - Partial Soffit and Gutter Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of McCulloch Associates, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Partial Soffit and Gutter Replacement at 3901 Atkinson Square, for an estimated project cost of $699,000. VI.D.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 Form for Structural Repair at Blake Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of removing a brick and concrete screen wall from roof level, repairing delaminating brick, and installing a new wall cap. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Blake ES - Structural Repair Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Structural Services, Inc. as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Structural Repair at Blake Elementary School, for an estimated project cost of $301,000. VI.D.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Project, Assignment of Architect/Engineer, and BG-1 form for Secure Vestibule at Fern Creek Elementary School Rationale This project will consist of creating a secure entry vestibule at the front entrance. Pursuant to the requirements of KRS 322.010 and 323.010, et al. and the policies and procedures of the Jefferson County Public School District, a certified and licensed architect or engineer is assigned to all projects that modify, renovate, or construct additions to existing buildings. The architect or engineer is responsible for the proper preparation of all plans, specifications, estimates, and direct supervision during the execution of the construction contract. The architect or engineer will supervise the bid process, as required by the District’s Model Procurement Code, and provide an appropriate written recommendation to the district. The Kentucky Department of Education requires approval of this resolution in order to enter into contracts with the design firms of this project.  Plans and specifications will be prepared with this approval. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-1 Fern Creek ES - Secure Vestibule Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the project, the assignment of Potter Architects as the architect/engineer, and the BG-1 form for the Secure Vestibule at Fern Creek Elementary School, for an estimated project cost for $120,000. VI.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Bid and Revised BG-1 Form for New School Building at Okolona Elementary School Rationale This project is to replace the deteriorated facility at Okolona Elementary School.  This project also includes the demolition of the existing Okolona Elementary School building. On June 6, 2023, the Board of Education approved Pickett Passafiume Architects to prepare plans and specifications for Project 24-004. Bids were received, publicly opened, and read aloud in the Office of Facility Planning on August 19, 2025.  The bid tabulation is attached. This item requests approval to award contracts to the low bidders of facility construction projects and reject bids deemed unacceptable in accordance with KRS 162.070. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Rev BG-1 Okolona ES - New School Building Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education award a contract to EH Construction, LLC for New School Building at Okolona Elementary School for the low base bid of $33,864,000; accept Alternates 1, 2, 3, and 4 for a total bid of $33,885,000; and approve the attached revised BG-1 form for $39,950,000. VI.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Contract Completion and BG-4 Form for Domestic Water Piping Replacement at Stonestreet Elementary School Rationale On July 23, 2024, the Board of Education approved Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. to prepare plans and specifications for Project 25-031. On April 29, 2025, the Board approved awarding a contract to Lucas Plumbing and Contracting, Inc. as the low bidder. Kerr-Greulich Engineers, Inc. has made a final inspection and concluded that this contract is complete and final payment is due to the contractor. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments BG-4 Stonestreet ES - Domestic Water Piping Replacement Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the contract completion, the attached BG-4 form, and final payment to Lucas Plumbing and Contracting, Inc. for Domestic Water Piping Replacement at Stonestreet Elementary School for a total construction cost of $375,000. VI.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Construction Change Orders Rationale In accordance with 702 KAR 4:160, the Kentucky Department of Education requires that all change orders shall be approved by local board action.  Change order descriptions are included in the attachment. Please note that a found condition represents any item not anticipated during the design phase of the project; and owner request can be any item approved by Facilities staff, often with principal input, to enhance the overall project. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Change Orders and Descriptions 9-16-25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the construction change orders included in the attachment. VI.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Professional Services Contracts of $40,000 or More Rationale In accordance with Board Policy 01.11 General Powers and Duties of the Board , professional services contracts of $40,000 or more require Board approval. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments List of Contracts 09.16.25 01 - Louisville Urban League (FY25-26) 02 - Millennium Learning Concepts (FY25-26 - ECE) 03 - Millennium Learning Concept- Schools (FY25-26 - Schools) 04 - Ohio Valley Education Cooperative (FY25-26) 05 - Sovoroom (FY25-26) 06 - Black Male EdQuity Network LLC., (FY25-26) 07 - Fund for the Arts (FY25-26) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached professional services contracts of $40,000 or more. VI.I.
                                Recommendation for Approval of  Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewal, and Amendments Rationale In accordance with KRS 45A.345-45A.460, these items represent the lowest and best bid for each respective item or group of items.  The proposals are public record and are on file for inspection in the Purchasing Department after award of contract. There are no tie bids. Submitted by:  Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments *Bid Tabulations, Contract Renewal, and Amendments_09 16 25 Amendment on Automotive_Bus Repair Parts & Services (Line Item) Amendment on Bus Body Parts & Accessories Amendment on Instructional & Office Supplies (Line Item) Automotive Glass & Installation (Percentage) Automotive Glass (Line Item) Laminators, Film & Repair Service New Vehicle (24' Refrigerated Box-Van Truck) Snow Removal Service Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached bid tabulations, contract renewal, and amendments. VI.J.
                                Acceptance of Summary of Professional Services Contracts Rationale This summary includes all professional services contracts approved as of July 1, 2025 and supports Vision 2020 Strategy 3.1.4 Ensure responsible stewardship of resources. KRS 160.370 was amended to allow the Board to authorize the superintendent to approve purchases for any contract for which a determination is made that the aggregate amount of the contract is less than $40,000. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Summary of Professional Services Contracts - 09.16.2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached summary of professional services contracts. VI.K.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer VI.K.1.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Invoice Report 08.11.25 - 08.24.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Invoices paid and to be paid for the period of August 11, 2025, through August 24, 2025. VI.K.2.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks . Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments Attachments Oders of the Treasurer - PO's by Department 08.11.25 - 08.24.25 Orders of the Treasurer - PO's by Vendor 08.11.25 - 08.24.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Purchase Orders issued during the period of August 11, 2025, through August 24, 2025. VI.K.3.
                                Acceptance of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers Rationale This agenda item is provided to the Board in accordance with Fiscal Management Policy 04.3111 District Issuance of Checks. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachment Attachments Orders of the Treasurer - Vouchers 08.11.25 - 08.24.25 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education receive the attached report of Orders of the Treasurer-Vouchers paid during the period of August 11, 2025, through August 24, 2025. VI.L.
                                Acceptance of Donations, Grants, and Funding VI.L.1.
                                Acceptance of Donations and Small Grants Rationale This is a report of donations and small grants submitted to the Board of Education on September 16, 2025. Schools solicit donations for current needs or a specific purpose or project. Undesignated donations are used at the discretion of the school or the School-Based Decision Making (SBDM) Council. Small grants include non-federal awards less than $50,000. Submitted by: Dr. Dena Dossett Attachments Donations and Small Grants Report September 16 2025 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept donations and small grants totaling $111,170.60 to be used as stated in the attachment. VI.L.2.
                                Acceptance of Funding from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation Rationale Baird Excellence Award recipients received $1,000 each, totaling $29,000. The following schools were represented: Atkinson, Brown, Chancey, Dr. Grace James,  Fairdale ES, Fern Creek HS, Greathouse, Hawthorne, Hudson, Iroquois, JCPS Chief of Staff, Layne, Male, McFerran Early Childhood, Moore, Newcomer, Norton, Olmsted Academy North, Pleasure Ridge, Semple, Trunnell, Waggener, W.E.B. DuBois Middle, Wheeler, and Zachary Taylor. Baird Excellence Awards recipients representing Professional Learning Community Teams received $2,000, totaling $6,000.  The following schools were represented:  Greathouse, Echo Trail, and Fern Creek HS. Dunkin' Joy in Childhood Foundation donated $3,000 to Marion C. Moore High School to support the food program at the Family Resource and Youth Service Center. Baird donated $1,500 to the Business First Stock Market Challenge winners: DuPont Manual $500, Male High $500, and Smyra Elementary $500. Submitted by: Edward D. Muns Attachments N6889 Communications 2025 Baird Awards Program (1) Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education accept funding totaling $39,500 from the Jefferson County Public Education Foundation to be used as stated in the rationale. VI.M.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Agreements VI.M.1.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Campbellsville University for Dual Credit Rationale This agreement with Campbellsville University allows students to earn college credit for comparable high school coursework. The terms of this partnership agreement follow the National Alliance of Concurrent Enrollment Partnerships (NACEP) standards of practice. The agreement also follows the SACS OCS accreditation standards for credentialing adjunct faculty. This agreement applies with the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarship Programs and includes negotiated points outlined in the Postsecondary Partner Institution (PPI) agreement with the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA) who manages the Kentucky DC and WR scholarships. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Campbellsville University Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Campbellsville University for dual credit and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.M.2.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Eastern Kentucky University for Dual Credit Rationale The purpose of this agreement with Eastern Kentucky University (EKU) is to define the roles and responsibilities of both parties regarding the EKU Dual Credit Program. It establishes the conditions under which high school students can participate in dual credit courses. The terms of this partnership agreement follow the National Alliance of Concurrent Enrollment Partnerships (NACEP) standards of practice. The agreement also follows the SACS OCS accreditation standards for credentialing adjunct faculty. This agreement applies with the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarship Programs and includes negotiated points outlined in the Postsecondary Partner Institution (PPI) agreement with the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA) who manages the Kentucky DC and WR scholarships. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - Eastern Kentucky University Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Eastern Kentucky University and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.M.3.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Elizabethtown Community and Technical College Rationale This Agreement acts as an addendum to an existing Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Elizabethtown Community and Technical College for dual credit opportunities. The terms of this partnership agreement follow the National Alliance of Concurrent Partnerships (NACEP) standards of practice. The agreement also follows the SACS OCS accreditation standards for credential adjunct faculty. This agreement complies with the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarship Programs and includes negotiated points outlined in the Postsecondary Partner Institution (PPI) agreement with the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA) who manages the Kentucky DC and Work Ready Scholarships. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Elizabethtown Community and Technical College Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Elizabeth Community and Technical College for Dual Credit and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VI.M.4.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Marriott Louisville East Rationale The  2025 Explore Fall Ambassador Leadership Conference will be held at the Marriott Louisville East Conference Center. At the conference, students participate in confidence, leadership, public speaking and team building sessions. The number of Ambassadors has increased needing a larger space with breakout rooms and an A/V component. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - Marriott Louisville East Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Marriott Louisville East and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.M.5.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Morehead University for Dual Credit Rationale This Agreement with Morehead State University establishes a dual credit program for high school juniors and seniors. This program allows eligible students to earn college credit while still in high school. The agreement will be reviewed and updated annually. The terms of this partnership agreement follow the National Alliance of Concurrent Partnerships (NACEP) standards of practice. The agreement also follows the SACS OCS accreditation standards for credential adjunct faculty. This agreement complies with the Kentucky Dual Credit and Work Ready Scholarship Programs and includes negotiated points outlined in the Postsecondary Partner Institution (PPI) agreement with the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA) who manages the Kentucky DC and Work Ready Scholarships. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA - Morehead State University Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Morehead University for Dual Credit and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VI.M.6.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Data Privacy Agreement with Renaissance Learning Inc. Rationale Renaissance Learning Inc. will supply software licenses and support for three educational products: Star Assessments, Accelerated Reader, and Nearpod solutions. The software helps educators in pre-K-12 schools accelerate student growth. The Data Privacy Agreement details the type and limitations of shareable data, its appropriate use, and the responsibilities of each party. Data sharing will begin upon acceptance of this Agreement and will terminate when the services terminate. All procedures and processes will be FERPA compliant. Period, scope, and protections are also outlined in the attached Agreement. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments DPA- Renaissance Learning Inc. Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Data Privacy Agreement with Renaissance Learning Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VI.M.7.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Commercial Listing Contract for the Property Disposal – Disposition (Sale) of Waller-Williams @ Riverport Rationale A Commercial Listing Contract has been prepared in consideration of the listing for sale of the real property located at 7401 Riverport Drive between Duncan Commercial Real Estate, LLC and the Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky for a period of 180 days and agrees to pay broker a fee of 6% of the gross sale price upon the sale of the property at a closing. The property is to be offered for sale at the appraised value of $995,000. On December 17, 2024, the Board of Education approved requesting a finding to the District Facilities Plan be sent to the Kentucky Department of Education with Waller-Williams @ Riverport being removed from the plan. On December 19, 2024, The Kentucky Department of Education approved finding number two to the District Facilities Plan. On January 28, 2025, the Board of Education approved declaring the property as surplus to the education needs of the District. Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:050 the Kentucky Department of Education has given their preliminary approval to dispose of this property. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Commercial Listing Contract - 7401 Riverport Drive Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Commercial Listing Contract for the Property Disposal – Disposition (Sale) of Waller-Williams @ Riverport located at 7401 Riverport Road and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VI.M.8.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Second Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5127 Terry Road Rationale On February 25, 2025, the Board of Education approved a contract for the purchase of approximately 13.0176 acres located at 5127 Terry Road between Ambvit Realty, LLC and Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky for the purchase price of $860,000. On June 10, 2025, the Board of Education approved the Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for a 90-day extension to the due diligence period. This second amendment is for the purpose of granting a 60-day extension to the due diligence period. Due to time restrictions, this amendment was signed before the current due diligence expired with a notation of “pending board approval.” Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:050 the Kentucky Department of Education has given their preliminary approval to purchase this property. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Second Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement - 5127 Terry Road - Ambvit Realty LLC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Second Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5127 Terry Road. VI.M.9.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Second Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5500 Terry Road Rationale On February 25, 2025, the Board of Education approved a contract for the purchase of approximately 3.9852 acres located at 5500 Terry Road between Rigoberto Mejia and Silvia Gomez Sanchez and Board of Education of Jefferson County, Kentucky for the purchase price of $220,000. On July 8, 2025, the Board of Education approved the Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for a 60-day extension to the due diligence period. This second amendment is for the purpose of granting another 60-day extension to the due diligence period. Due to time restrictions, this amendment was signed before the current due diligence expired with a notation of “pending board approval.” Pursuant to 702 KAR 4:050 the Kentucky Department of Education has given their preliminary approval to purchase this property. The project directly supports strategy 3.1.1 of Vision 2020. Submitted by: Dr. Rob Fulk Attachment Attachments Second Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement - 5500 Terry Road - Rigoberto Mejia Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the Second Amendment to Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Purchase of 5500 Terry Road. VI.M.10.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Seven Counties Services Rationale This Agreement with Seven Counties Services demonstrates a collaboration in which families are engaged through a Parent/Family Engagement Meeting (PEM) to define barriers to attendance, identify strengths and needs, develop a plan of action, and strive to prevent the family from being unnecessarily involved in the child welfare system. Our goal is to prevent educational neglect through collaboration among agencies and families. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - Seven Counties Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Seven Counties Services and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.M.11.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Norton Healthcare Inc. Rationale Norton Provides instruction of students in traffic safety and related subjects at Safety City, located at Bates Elementary School, 7601 Bardstown Road, 40291. Submitted by: Dr. Katy DeFerrari Attachment Attachments MOA - Norton Healthcare Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Norton Healthcare Inc. and authorize the superintendent to sign the same. VI.M.12.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Okolona Baseball Rationale The agreement allows Okolona Baseball, Inc. to use and maintain specific athletic facilities on the property of Southern High School. The agreement covers the fields, spectator seating, a concession/meeting building, and other related facilities. Submitted by Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Agreement - Okolona Baseball Inc Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Agreement with Okolona Baseball, Inc. and authorize the superintendent sign same. VI.M.13.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with Texas Roadhouse Rationale Texas Roadhouse and its partners, including Local UA 502 Plumbers, Pipe Fitters, and HVACR Service Technicians will contribute materials, supplies, and skilled labor to renovate athletic spaces, including locker rooms and Coaches' room at Iroquois High School. Submitted By: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments DONATION - MOA - TEXAS ROADHOUSE, INC Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with Texas Roadhouse and authorize the superintendent sign the same. VI.M.14.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Memorandum of Agreement with J.B. Speed Art Museum Rationale The Speed Art Museum will provide museum tours to schools with 50% or greater free- or reduced meal rates. Up to 90 students from each school may participate in the 2 hour tour. The Speed Art Museum will also provide its in-class Art Detectives program to schools for students in grades 4-12. The tours and programming will be available at no cost to schools until the Speed Art Museum’s grant funding is exhausted. Schools that do not have a 50% or greater free- or reduced meal rate may pay for the Speed’s services, if they are interested. Bus transportation will be reimbursed by the Speed Art Museum, as its grant funding allows. The project term is from the date of execution through June 30, 2026. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments MOA -  J.B. Speed Art Museum Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Memorandum of Agreement with the J. B. Speed Art Museum and authorize the superintendent to sign same. VI.N.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Internal Audit Work Plan for Fiscal Year 2025-26 Rationale As stated in the JCPS Internal Audit Charter and the professional standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors, the Internal Audit Work Plan (Plan) should be developed using a risk-based methodology and the Board should annually review and approve the Plan and any changes to the Plan as well as receive periodic updates on the status of the Plan. The Plan to be approved covers the period July 1, 2025, through June 30, 2026. Approval of the Internal Audit Risk-Based Audit Plan for 2025-26 is recommended, as is. Submitted by: May Porter Attachment Attachments FY 2026 Annual Audit Plan and Risk Assessment Report Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached Internal Audit Risk-Based Audit Plan for Fiscal Year 2025-26 VI.O.
                                Review of Board Policy 09.4341 and Alternative Education Program Profiles Rationale Kentucky Administrative Regulation 704 KAR 19:002 requires a local board of education “adopt and annually review policies and procedures for the operation of each alternative education program within the district.” KRS 160.380 defines an "alternative education program" as “a program that exists to meet the needs of students that cannot be addressed in a traditional classroom setting but through the assignment of students to alternative classrooms, centers, or campuses that are designed to remediate academic performance, improve behavior, or provide an enhanced learning experience. Alternative education programs do not include career or technical centers or departments.” This definition encompasses a wide array of programs, including those with which students are voluntarily assigned and involuntarily assigned. Students with disabilities under IDEA may be assigned to an alternative school program by the Admissions and Release Committee (ARC). There are two types of alternative education programs covered under 704 KAR 19:002: An alternative education program that is a district-operated facility with no definable attendance boundaries that is designed to remediate academic performance, improved behavior or provide an enhanced learning experience. Kentucky Educational Collaborative for State Agency Children (KECSAC) funded programs serving state agency children. Locally adopted policies and procedures shall include the: Purpose of the program, including the ways the program supports the district’s college and career readiness goals for students; Eligibility criteria, as appropriate; Process for entering students into the program; Process for transitioning students out of the program; Composition of the team to develop the ILPA, which shall include an invitation to the parents to participate and, as appropriate, an invitation to the student to participate; and Procedures for collaboration with outside agencies involved with involuntary placements, including courts or other social service agencies to address student transitions between programs.” In order to comply with the requirement, district staff have prepared profiles of each district alternative education program providing the information required under 704 KAR 19.002 Submitted by Kevin C. Brown Attachment Attachments 09.4341 Alternative Education Programs Alternative Education Program Profiles Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education review the attached Board Policy 09.4341 Alternative Education and Alternative Education Program Profiles. VI.P.
                                Acceptance of Superintendent’s Personal Growth Plan Rationale The Superintendent's Personal Growth Plan (PGP) is a personalized plan for professional development. It involves a self-assessment to identify areas for growth and then creates a roadmap with specific, measurable goals and timelines. The purpose of this plan is to improve the superintendent's leadership and effectiveness, which in turn builds trust with the community and helps improve student success. This plan is a required component for a new superintendent's participation in the Kentucky Association of School Administrators (KASA) New Superintendent Cohort and is used to guide their professional learning and evaluation. Attachments 25-26 SY PGP _ Dr. Brian Yearwood -3 VI.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval of the Renaming of Eastern High Schools Press Box After Long-Time Volunteer Chris Bonham Rationale For over 25 years, Chris Bonham has been the public address announcer for the soccer programs and filled in for many other sports.  His voice has become the soundtrack to game day at Eastern High. He is a positive presence who supports athletes and coaches, but also built a legacy rooted in service and school pride. The renaming of the Soccer and Lacrosse press box in his honor would be a fitting tribute and a lasting way to recognize his contributions to Eastern High's community. Submitted by: Robert Moore Attachment Attachments Eastern Letters of recommendation Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the renaming of Eastern High School's Press Box as the Chris Bonham Press Box. VII.
                                Persons Requesting to Address the Board (If Necessary) VIII.
                                Adjournment Rationale Actions Taken Order #2025-163 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the September 16, 2025, meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education at 7:39 p.m. passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Mr. Taylor Everett.