KSBA's Public Portal Jefferson County February 13, 2026 6:00 PM Special Board of Education Meeting Secure Return I.
                                Call to order Rationale Meetings are streamed live and archived through the District's YouTube channel at the following link: JCBE Meeting Videos This meeting will be conducted via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.823 and KRS 61.826. The primary location for this meeting and where all members can be seen and heard by the public will be Stewart Auditorium in the VanHoose Education Center. Members of the Board are permitted to attend in-person or via video teleconference pursuant to KRS 61.826. Members of the public may attend in-person or watch the live stream. Attachments 2 13 26 Meeting Notice II.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions Attachments Special Called Meeting 2.13.26 Presentation Actions Taken Order #2026-30 - Motion Passed: Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational charts and job descriptions. The recommendation passed with a motion by Mr. Trevin Bass and a second by Mrs. Linda Duncan. II.A.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Academics Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ACADEMICS FINAL Job Descriptions File 2026-02-10    2_12 ACADEMICS Org Charts 2026-02-10     2_12 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.B.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Accountability, Research, and Systems Improvement Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ACCOUNTABILITY, RESEARCH AND SYSTEMS IMPROVEMENT 2026-02-10 JD v2 ACCOUNTABILITY, RESEARCH AND SYSTEMS IMPROVEMENT Org Charts 2026-02-10  v2 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.C.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Administration Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments ADMINISTRATION 2026-02-10 ADMINISTRATION Org Charts 2026-02-10 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.D.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Business Services (HR, Technology, Finance) Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments BUSINESS SERVICES 2026-02-10 FINANCE 2026-02-10 FINANCE Org Charts 2026-02-10 HUMAN RESOURCES 2026-02-10   JD_2_12 HUMAN RESOURCES Org Chart 2026-02-10    2_12 IT TECHNOLOGY 2026-02-10 JD  v2 IT TECHNOLOGY Org Charts 2026-02-10 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.E.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Chief of Police Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments JCPS POLICE DEPARTMENT 2026-02-10    JD_2_12 JCPS POLICE DEPARTMENT Org Chart 2026-02-10   2_12 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.F.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Chief of Staff Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment: Refer to the Strategy and Innovation and Student Support & Community Engagement agenda items. II.G.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Communications and Community Relations Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments COMMUNICATIONS AND COMMUNITY RELATIONS 2026-02-10 COMMUNICATIONS Org Charts 2026-02-10 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.H.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Diversity, Equity, and Poverty (Opportunity & Access) Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments OPPORTUNITY & ACCESS 2026-02-10   JD_2_12 OPPORTUNITY AND ACCESS Org Charts 2026-02-10   2_12 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.I.
                                WITHDRAWN: Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Exceptional Child Education (Deferred to March 10, 2026) II.J.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Finance (Business Services) Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment: Refer to the Business Services agenda item. II.K.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – General Counsel Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments GENERAL COUNSEL 2026-02-10 GENERAL COUNSEL Org Chart 2026-02-10 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.L.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Human Resources (Business Services) Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment: Refer to the Business Services agenda item. II.M.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Operations Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments OPERATIONS 2026-02-10 OPERATIONS Org Charts 2026-02-10 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.N.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Schools Rationale The Schools Division is being absorbed by Student Support & Community Engagement, Academics, and Strategy and Innovation Divisions. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments SCHOOLS Org Charts 2026-02-10 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.O.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Strategy and Innovation (Transition Readiness, Adult & Continuing Education, School Choice) Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CHIEF OF STAFF STRATEGY AND INNOVATIONS 2026-02-10   JD_2_12 STRATEGY & INNOVATION Org Charts 2026-02-10    2_12 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.P.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Student Support & Community Engagement Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment Attachments CHIEF OF STAFF SS1 Student Support  Community Engagement Markup and Final Org Charts     2_12 CHIEF OF STAFF STUDENT SUPPORT AND COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT 2026-02-10   JD  2_12 Recommended Motion Superintendent Brian Yearwood recommends the Board of Education approve the attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s). II.Q.
                                Recommendation for Approval of Organizational Charts and/or Job Descriptions – Technology (Business Services) Rationale The attached organizational chart(s) and/or job description(s) changes are submitted to create better efficiency in the District. Each division has been listed as a subset of this agenda item. Submitted by: Cynthia Grohmann Attachment: Refer to the Business Services agenda item III.
                                Adjournment Recommended Motion A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education. Actions Taken Order #2026-31 - Motion Passed: A motion to adjourn the meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Education passed with a motion by Mr. James Craig and a second by Ms. Gail Logan Strange.